{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl {\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
\uc1\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\kerning28\ulnone\b\f0\fs28 The STRIVE Project\par
\ldblquote Lu\rquote Tamohr\rdblquote  (Isle of Magic)\par
\par
\kerning0\i\fs24 What\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 STRIVE (Super Terrific Roleplay Interaction Virtual Environment) is a Roleplaying MUD text based internet game system. It allows players from around the world to interact and roleplay in a fantasy medival setting according to the world created.\par
\par
Lu'Tamohr is the island setting of the inhabitants of this world.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Why\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Fun\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A place to meet up when we are physically far\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A challenge\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Interests us\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Produce a quality envirionment\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 How\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 We are developing from the GREED code base (descendant of diku), with addons and custom developments. All addons will be done by hand to ensure they conform to our overall design, and are as good as we can have them.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Who\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Ideally we would be looking at\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 1-3 coders\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}3-7 builders\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}1 imm in charge of site payment\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}1 imm in charge of a web-page and advertising\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}3 imms responsible for the story-line\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}5-9 rp guides, also helping with sub-stories\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Many players!\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj Naturally everybody will be able to contribute in all of these areas, however we do need to focus on individual tasks.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\kerning28\b\f0\fs28\par
Design\par
\kerning0\i\fs24 Aims\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Rping mud with a \i fun\i0  environment\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Encourage original stories\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Plenty of PC interaction\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Ability to become more powerful\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A free atmosphere\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Motivation to RP\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Atmosphere of magic and fantasy\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Good systems and ballance\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Stats\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Every characters stats will be affected by their race and specialization. There stats will consist of\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 Strength\tab\tab (Influencing damage dealt by blow and wieght capacity)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Constitution\tab\tab (Influencing damage taken and rate of healing)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Dexterity\tab\tab (Affects chance to be hit by a physical attack, and hit roll)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Perception\tab\tab (Affects the effectiveness of spells on caster and target, and some rogue skills)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}\lquote favor\rquote  points\tab (Awarded for consistent and appropriate role-play)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}hit points\tab\tab (Amount of damage one can take)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}practice points\tab (Used to train stats and skills)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}hit roll\tab\tab (Chance to hit an opponent)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}dam roll\tab\tab (amount of damage your attacks do)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}energy points \tab A replacement for both mana and movement points.  The rigors of moving about the world and performing in combat situations all result in the exertion of energy.  The concentration and exertion required to tap potentials in order to cast spells, or the exertion needed to swing ones sword repeatedly all drain the character of energy.  Once a characters energy reaches 0, they cannot complete any skills that require energy.\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}save vs all 5 elements\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24\lquote Favor\rquote  Points\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20\lquote Favor\rquote  points can be spent on specialization (earning the player a new class).\par
\lquote Favor\rquote  points can be used to put a skill from %95 to 100%\par
\lquote Favor\rquote  points can be used to beseech a level\par
\lquote Favor\rquote  points can be used to increase a stat?\par
\par
There will be an fp-spy system where players recommend others for \lquote favor\rquote  points because they have been role-playing their character and situation well. It might be best to have a tally system where it requires 3-5 reports of good role-playing for a \lquote favor\rquote  point to be awarded. The last 3-5 fp reports will be retained in a file for imm review. Also a list of fp-spys needs to be maintained, including dubious ones and new possibilities.  This aspect of the game will require continual monitoring for fairness. Some automation may be desirable.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Specialization\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 All players start as a generic \lquote townsfolk\rquote . During the course of their adventures players are awarded \lquote favor\rquote  points, for role playing their current role well. \lquote Favor\rquote  points can be used to buy a specialization. A player does not have to roleplay precisely their specialisation, however they must rp at the same level of adeptness. For instance a 'townsfolk' player is free to roleplay that they are a gypsy and prefer to live in the woods. However if they roleplay that they are a grand archimage without having specialised through at least past apprentice they shall not be eligable for reward points.\par
\par
One can only specialize in the presence of a mentor of the same or deeper specialization. Skills come from specialization.\par
\par
A townsfolk can specialize to become a student, soldier, sailor or rogue. Students can specialize to study magic, etc. Leveling is independent of specialization, so it is possible to be a level 10 knight and defeat a level 30 student.\par
\par
The deeper the level of specialization, the more specialization points are required to advance to the next depth. Dual specialization is possible, however it reduces the depth to which one can advance. To advance to the first depth requires one \lquote favor\rquote  point, to advance to the second depth requires two \lquote favor\rquote  points, to advance to the third and final depth requires three \lquote favor\rquote  points. Only seven favor points may be used in this way, restricting the number of specializations achievable.\par
\par
\page\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24\page\par
\par
\par
Combat\par
\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Physical attacks have a chance to hit dependant on the attacker's dexterity, hit roll, and weapon, and the defenders dexterity. If an attack hits, the defenders armour class gives a chance for the blow to be deflected or absorbed. If damage is dealt,\par
damage = (attacker_dam + weapon)*attacker_str/defender_con\par
Magical attacks are dependant on the spell, but are typicaly related to caster_ perception/target_perception, levels of both players, and target saves. Spell saves are not level dependent, but only highly specialised players will be able to have good saves.\par
\b\i\f0\fs24 Levels\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Because our player statistics work differently to most MUDs, so does the amount you receive each level. Infact most stats are not calculated upon leveling, but are rather generated by a formula dependent on a persons race and specialisation. These are modified every time you level or specialise, but are not random. This means that leveling equipment and optimisation provide no benefit, and charcter diversity in stats comes purely from level race and specialisation. Indeed we shall not be allowing things such as strength modifying equipment. Each time a player levels they will recieve 100 pracs to spend on skills. Their hitpoints and energy will also be modified to reflect their experience (HP = 500 + 10*level + specialisation_mod*level) (Energy = 500 + 10*level + specialisation_mod*level). Some specialisations such as soldier will give bonus HP. All specialisations modify player characteristics Str, Con, Perception. We believe this will be both fairer, and take away focus from OOC leveling concerns.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Skill Lists\par
\b0\i0 Townsfolk\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 For want of a better name, the townsfolk role will be where everyone starts.\par
Swim, throw, scan, one native language, ride, steer\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Laborer\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote The Knights of Seth\rquote Opar scorned the walls before them, then scattered as stones showered down amongst them.\rdblquote\par
\i0 +1STR +3CON -1FOOD +1INCOME\par
Brawl, bash\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Builder\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Not a traveller passes through the gates of Cora\rquote Tyl for the first time without being awed by the central Hanstas rising over fifty spans above the city\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 +1STR +2INT\par
Build room, craft furniture\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Farmer\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote During the siege of Ru\rquote Patta, the assailants tightened their belts and listened with envy to the sounds of merriment and feasting passing over the city walls.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 +1STR +3CON\par
Harvest, sow, build fence, herd\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Smith\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote If you want a smith, head east.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 +2STR +1INT\par
Repair, patch, forge\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Weapon/Armor Smith\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Ingar\rquote s sword slew a thousand men, but never lost its edge.\rdblquote\par
\i0 +1STR +2INT\par
Special weapon, fine armor, sharpen, strengthen\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Armor Smith\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Tandar watched in dismay as his men struck in vain at the plate mail of the caravan sentries.  The gold train of Mastan never lost a single coin\rdblquote\par
\i0 +1STR +2INT\par
Special weapon, fine armor, sharpen, strengthen\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Student\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Picking up a meagre meal here and there, Pastilas was never seen far from his tomes.\rdblquote\par
\i0 +3INT +1WIS -1FOOD +2INCOME\par
Bank, write, assess, languages\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Apprentice\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20 Wildly gesturing, arms flailng, Pastilas\rquote  first attempt to create light resulted instead in wind tousled hair, robes awry, a library of disorder, and the stern frown of an instructor\par
\i0 +2INT +2WIS\par
Create light, balistic attack, create water, gust of wind, arcane lore\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Sorcerer\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20\par
+2INT +1WIS\par
Mind bar, dominate\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Enchanter\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\par
\i0 +1INT +2WIS\par
Enchant weapon, enchant armor, enchant pill, haste, giant strength, charm\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Elementalist\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 Those who draw upon four.\par
+3WIS\par
Earthen armor, firey shield, airy vortex, watery sphere\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Illusionist\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 They do it with mirrors.\par
+3INT\par
Double vision, ventriloquate, nightmare, bliss\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Necromancer\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20 She was shunned, as the people of the town thought she slept with corpses..  They soon learnt she did far more than that.\par
\i0 +2INT +1WIS\par
Raise corpse, detect spirits, banish spirit, putrify\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Mystic\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 Clerics and so forth\par
+3WIS\par
Heal, Regenerate, cure, bless\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Alchemist\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\rquote You wish to bring the city gates down master?\rquote  cackled the old man with glee. Oabankep was truly mad, but the best.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 +3INT\par
Mix potion, create wand, charge staff, \par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Merchant\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote The drunken revelrer struck the well dressed man across the face.  In an instant three swords impaled him.  Let this be a lesson to you, always judge a man by the size of his purse.\rdblquote\par
\i0 +3INT\par
Trade, haggle, bribe\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Soldier\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Lu\rquote Tamohr is a prize juggled atop the myriad of crossed swords\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 +3STR +1CON -1FOOD -2INCOME\par
Weapon lore, march, kick, lunge, enhance damage, shield block\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Knight\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20 The armor of the Knights of Seth\rquote Opar shone as the sun\'85 red shields burning as they charged.\par
\i0 +3STR\par
Lance, crush, joust, combat riding, power stroke\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Champion\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20 The sword of Ingar was challenged two hundred and eleven times, and triumphed two hundred and eleven times.\par
\i0 +3STR\par
Anticipate, killing blow, whirlwind attack, ignore pain, stun recovery\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Crusader\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Alas brother Cylviril chose the path to his dark ends.  But it is no harsher path than mine\rdblquote  - Joneseph\par
\i0 +1STR +2WIS\par
Heal, curse, bless, energy drain\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Swashbuckler\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  proclaimed Strom as he swung forth from the walls of the town, rapier glinting in the sun.\par
\i0 +3DEX\par
Riposte, taunt, disarm, anticipate, dual wield\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Rogue\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20 The Kiplan are a pleasant enough folk with music in their blood, but watch your purse closely, friend. \par
\i0 +2DEX +1CON +2FOOD\par
Find food, scout, find herbs, build fire\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Woodsman\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f1\fs20 One who knows the ways of the woods.\par
+2CON +1WIS\par
Build camp\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Ranger\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote Raturnus took the Malan Solste Wilds for his home; the Nostran Marhah as his vacation\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\i0 +2CON +1STR\par
Track, hunt, stalk, ambush, camouflage, endurance\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Druid\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f1\fs20 Holders of ancient rites.\par
+3WIS\par
Dark ritual, balm, soothsay, chant, tree-walk\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Oracle\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote On the day in question, washer woman crowded the fields for a view of a hawk rising on the wind.  When they returned home to the charred ruins of their homes\rdblquote\par
\i0 +3WIS\par
Dark ritual, balm, soothsay, chant, tree-walk\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Scout\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f1\fs20 Skilled in spying out the lay of the land, moving through enemy lines, and avoiding capture.\par
+3DEX\par
Camouflage, hide, stealth, eagle eye, fleetness\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Eluder\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 What was that? Must have just been the wind.\par
+3DEX\par
Escape, avoid capture, slink, tail, eavesdrop, disguise\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Assassin\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\i\f1\fs20\ldblquote I fear no blade save that behind me\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i0 The most deadly enemy is the unseen.\par
+1DEX +2INT\par
Avoid capture, lurk, poisons, mark, generic disguise, strangle, critical hit, critical missile\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Bandit\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 Preying on rich travelers, bandits are best obeyed\par
+2STR +1DEX\par
Block path, camouflage, rob, movement trap, block, disarm, surprise attack\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\f0\fs24 Cutpurse\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\f1\fs20 You reach for your wallet\'85.\par
+3DEX +1INT\par
Peek, steal, crowd blend, hide, back-stab, cut purse\par
\par
\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i\f0\fs24\page Magic\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 The magic in our world will involve the drawing of energy from potentials that exist in almost infinite abundance within nature.  The drawing of such energy and the conversion of it into tangible and useable forms will require some form of exertion by the caster, such as an incantation, gestures, phsysic force or rituals.  The five potentials that can be tapped relate to spirit, air, water, earth and fire.  Manipulating one or more of the potentials allows people to bring into being events, energies and forms that would otherwise be impossible and unstable.  As the potentials are nearly infinite, the loss of control over a redirection, or failure to harness an energy leak is both unpredictable and dangerous. Perhaps the most terrifying potential to unleash randomly is the potential of spirit, as it results in freedom for those of the 'beyond world' to take form in the physical world. Fortunatley existance in reality is painful for daemons as it is a distortion of their true elemental makeup. For this same reason angles rarely stay long in the physical world.  The ability to interact with the potentials is a mental one, which can be learnt with dilligence. The actual manipulation requires different approaches depending on the desired effect. For instance enchanters mostly use incantations, while necromancers often are more ritualistic. The one exception is Alchemy which technically requires only dilligence and attention to detail, however in practise an excellent mind is still required to remember and execute the concoction to perfection.\b\i\f0\fs24\par
\b0\i0\f1\fs20\par
\par
There are five essential potentials involved in our world\rquote s magic:\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 spirit\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}fire\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}water\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}earth\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}air\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\par
Magic draws upon these in differing proportions. Certain mages steal the energy, others use it, and some channel it. A spells effectiveness is typically calcuated by taking into account the casters level, the targets saves, and the ratio of casters perception to targets perception. As players have individual saves for each element, spells which opperate on different elemental potentials will have different outcomes for each target. Saves will be affected by equipment, spells and skills, eg: firey shield will increase fire saves but lower water saves, in such a way that\par
it will be hard to maximise all saves simultaneously.\par
\par
Another interesting possibility is time splicing magic, however this remains to be discovered.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Death\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 When a player dies, their soul can return randomly within the area. In this spirit form they are translucent, undetectable, floating, deaf and dumb. The spirit form lasts 50 hours or until the command \lquote reform\rquote  is typed. When a soul reforms to all the five elements of a pre-existent living being, it returns to its former shape, however the being suffers from \lquote fine alignment syndrome\rquote  (5+level hours recovery period), and the soul potential ages. During the recovery period a PC suffers severe restrictions, perhaps inability to use skills. If the soul looses its individuality through age death is permanent.\par
\par
Possible IC explination: When you die you are drawn toward the 'world beyond', however because of the Coming, spirits now have a stronger link into the more physical elements. Your death causes a disturbance in the spirit potential which if resisted can allow the soul of a person to remain in the physical world. Because this is essentially a leak in the spirit potential, you could end up anywhere nearby. As for all spirits this is a painful process which is reflected in age and a recovery period. If the pain and age becomes too great, your link to past existance is forgotten or lost and your soul looses its individuality. Only souls which retain a link to their past have any hope of reforming with the other elements.\par
\par
Features are\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 No need to die repeatedly, can move off to a safer place in spirit form\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}People cannot shrug death off\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Not everyone \lquote comes back\rquote  perpetually\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\par
Death will be rare (I hope)\'85 mobs in general will not kill people, and there will be capture code.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 World\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Four factions struggle for political power.\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 Sephites - Following the philosophy of Jonaseph\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}The Fists of Xlevan - Nationalistic and militaristic\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Silver Tounges - Those wishing control of important resources and gold\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}House of Seth'Opar - Who believe elegance and social status important above all else.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj The other islands are beyond the scope of the MUD, however the imms can use them in trade etc.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i\f0\fs24 Inhabitants:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Our races will be strictly humanoid in form, similar in size and appearace, following the model of the globe we live on today.  They will be specified as follows:\par
\par
\b Rehan\b0\par
The folk of the plains, or Rehan are generally accepted as the original inhabitants of the island.  Their race's history stretches back into the times before the ancients, and while none of their cultural acheivements are ever considered revolutionary they are recognised for forming the first cognizant society on Lu'Tamohr.  While they bear no distinct racial characteristics, their history has led them to be extremely adaptable.\par
\par
They occupied the central plains of Lu'Tamohr and had no need for castles, walls and weapons. Thus they were completely suprised and overwhelmed by the Cvin invasion.\par
\par
+1 str\par
+2 con\par
+1 dex\par
125pracs\par
\par
\b Imolean\b0\par
The Imolian race rose up from the watery depth of the oceans and appeared around the south eastern seaboard of Lu'Tamohr around the year 1500BG.  While still humanoid in appearance their feet exist in various levels of aquatic function, from slight webbing between the toes to large toeless fins.  Their ears follow a similar trend, some with small gill slits behind them, others with large gill slits and largely non existant ears.  The Imolian folk brought knowledge of the depths to the inhabitants of Lu'Tamohr and were largely peaceful.\par
Currently the Imolean folk are scattered throughout the isle with no centralised powerbase.  They are a magical race, but their love of peace in general seems to discourage them from pursuing the magical arts.\par
\par
They fled in the year 1000BG after attempting to stall the Eldern forces as they swarmed across the ----- river. Imolian culture was and is rumoured to be highly structured and truely noble, aboring war. For this reason they fought to prevent the inevitable conqure of their Panan neighbours, but were defeated and forced into slavery, never to return to their bretheren in the deep.\par
\par
Only fifth generation and later Imolian's remain at and near Lu'Tamohr. Those who have gained their freedom know not the way back to the pods of their ancestors. The ledgends of their culture are all but lost in myth. Many doubt that links to their past will ever be revived, or that if they are that their ancesotrial culture will want to have anything to do with them.\b\par
\b0\par
breath water, swim\par
longevity\par
+50 water saves,  -50 fire save,  -20 air saves,  +20 spirit\par
+4 perception\par
-1 str\par
\b\par
Malandrin\b0\par
With the arrival of the Imolian folk in 1800BG, many of the Rehan folk grew suspicious of them and the results of cross breeding. They moved away from the large cities and travelled north into the high country, far from the water and Imolian. They made hard lives for themselves in the mountains.  They turned towards the stone foundations of the Malandrin Range for gems and minerals.  Indeed, the construction of their crowning acheivement Cora'Tyl was based on a large stockpile of gems and minerals.  Cora'Tyl owes its continued existence to the hardiness and ferocity with which the Malandrin inhaibitants guard their city walls, and its ability to easily trade its hard sought gems for other commodities not easily obtained within the range.\par
\par
Their growing suspicion of the thriving Cvin race was vindicated when the invasion was launched. The Cvin had fought its way, largely unresisted apart from at the river, to the mountains. There it met organised defenses, walls, castles and well armed military. The Eldren were never able to sustain any control over the mountains, because of the preparations, and the extent to which the attacking forces had been spread.\par
\par
+25 earth saves,  -25 water saves,  -25spirit\par
+5 str\par
+5 con\par
-4 perception\par
-4 dex\par
\b\par
Jlen\par
\b0 Arrived by ship in the years before history records. Possibly exiles or traders. They are smallest in stature of the six races and perhaps the most cunning.\par
\par
+6dex\par
+2perc\par
-2str\par
-4con\par
+15 spirit\par
\par
\b Cvin\b0\par
The best of both genepools and knowledgebases resulted in an explosion of developments and prosperity for this group of people. They settled north-east of ---- river on the prosperous plains there. They did not retain the ability to survive under water, however were intelligent, ellegant and magical. Unhindered they developed culture and technology, and power. A faction grew within them and united most of the race in a desire to rule the island which they saw as their right. Some were not interested in this new faction and prefered to concentrate upon art and culture.\par
\par
+6 perc\par
-2 str\par
-2 con\par
+2 dex\par
+25 to all saves\par
\par
\b El'Cvin\par
\b0 After the defeat of the Cvin Empire, these people were driven into the south west where they found refuge in forrests and mountains. Their enemies did not pursue them past the Malandrin range, believing the south west to be an evil place inhabited by unspeakable creatures, and having their own homes and newfound freedom to attend to. Life for these exiles was primitive, but they were able to forge a hard living and eventually develop awe inspiring settlements within the tall forrests. These people are now stronger than the Cvin who remained in the far north east accross the Tzan, and their magical abilities are now more intuitive than mental.\par
\par
+4 perc\par
\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i\f0\fs24 Areas:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f1\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx576\tx2196\tx3726\tx7146\tx8496\tx9666\b\tab Area\tab Type\tab Description\tab Famous For\tab Vnums\b0\par
1\tab Cora\rquote Tyl\tab Mountain City\tab Stronghold:\tab Gems\tab 1000-1499\par
2\tab Cora\rquote Lyst\tab Port City\tab Trade Center\tab Exotic Goods\tab 1500-1999\par
3\tab Ru\rquote Patta\tab Central Town\tab Middle ground\tab Cultural Hub\tab 2000-2199\par
4\tab Ru\rquote Hasten\tab Port Town\tab Fishing town\tab Fishing\tab 2200-2399\par
5\tab Malandrin Solste Foothills\tab Hills\tab Pretty placid area with a poacher vs gamekeeper theme\tab Game\tab 2400-2599\par
6\tab Malan Solste Wilds\tab Mountains\tab Rough area with \ldblquote eerie-cats\rdblquote  (panthers with batlike wings that roost high in the mountains and are large enough to take small horses\tab Danger\tab 2600-2799\par
7\tab Ruins of Cylivirst\tab Ruins/Forest\tab The original fortress of Cylivirst, where he started his grab for power.\tab Corrupting influence, dangerous fanatics.\tab 2800-2999\par
8\tab Nostran Marhah\tab Swamps\tab Gasses reptiles hermit who has mastered the dangers, potion ingredients\tab\tab 3000-3199\par
9\tab Falsta Tandar\tab Forest\tab BANDITS!\tab BANDITS!\tab 3200-3399\par
10\tab Pana Malandii\tab Plains\tab Farming\tab Livestock\tab 3400-3599\par
11\tab Mastal Fal\tab Forest\tab Ima LUMBERJACK and IM OK!\tab Lumber\tab 3600-3799\par
12\tab J\rquote Lanthlin\tab Fishing Village\tab Quiet, Rustic\tab Romantic\tab 5000->\par
13\tab J\rquote Agratil\tab Farming Village\tab Animals, Crops\tab Produce\tab\par
14\tab J\rquote\tab Generic Village\tab\tab Wine\tab\par
\tab\tab Generic Village\tab\tab Smith-work\tab\par
\tab\tab Crafts Village\tab\tab Charms\tab\par
\tab\tab Jungle\tab\tab Rare flora and fauna\tab\par
\tab\tab Mountains\tab\tab Harshness\tab\par
\tab\tab Forrest\tab\tab Lumber\tab\par
\tab Ru\rquote Katta\tab Secluded Town\tab Outpost\tab Oddments\tab\par
\tab\tab Hills\tab\tab Highlanders\tab\par
\tab Ru\rquote San\tab Plains Town\tab Rural hub\tab Fine Food\tab\par
\tab\tab Farmland\tab\tab Fertility\tab\par
\tab\tab River\tab\tab Strategic\tab\par
\tab\tab Bay\tab\tab Trade, Fishing\tab\par
\tab\tab Ruins\tab\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab Woods\tab\tab Wildlife\tab\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24\page Combat, War and Clans\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Combat will be decided by a combination of level and skills. Those with specializations will have the advantage. Wars will have a guardian system, however its specifications will be dependent upon the \lquote resources\rquote  its clan produces. To hold an area, the clan leader must appoint people to appropriate positions according to their specialization.\par
\par
A city requires a sheriff, guard, justice, and mayor\par
A town requires a guard and justice\par
A village requires a guard\par
A basic land requires a land-keeper\par
Sheriffs must have soldier and student\par
Justices must have student\par
Mayors must have merchant\par
Guards must have soldier\par
Land-keepers must have laborer or rogue\par
\par
Some people like the idea of being a member of more than one clan, or perhaps guilds. We need to discuss this further. At the moment players will only be allowed in one clan, but be allowed to affiliate with a religion, nobility, and or underground organisation. Religion etc will have a hiarachy but no other clan features. The leader of the hiarachy will have access to help editing of the creed etc for the organisation.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 NPCS/PCS/MOBS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Killable mobs in the world will not have personal names, ie: there will be no killable npcs (such as mayors, priests etc). Imms will be able to create and play npcs, which will probably be stored in some safe room with a guide to rping them.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Equipment\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Equipment will, in general, not modify stats, only specialization shall. Equipment will be usable at all levels, but have restrictions according to specialization.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Trusted Levels\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 There will be a subclass of trusted players who will be similar to fp-spys, whose task is to generate and guide rp.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Worth\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 The major objects of worth will be\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 gold/trade\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}food/resources\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}social status\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}combat strength\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}spells\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}skills\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}membership\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}diversity\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Trade\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Trade will be difficult and a more long term goal. Hopefully it shall involve trade routes and have a large impact upon clans. It shall be possible for a clan leader to set up a trade time-table which comes into effect after reboot. Trade caravans shall be hijackable.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Outlaws\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 You may potentially find yourself a criminal, however rest easy as your  status as an outlaw is not a global thing. Each city and town will have a bounty list of people wanted in those places, and for how much. If your bounty remains low you might eventually be forgotten. If it remains high you will most likely find life in and around those areas very difficult! To clear your name you can appeal to the justice of the area, who has the ability to pass a sentence upon you and have the bounty removed. If your bounty is collected you are doomed to wait in the cell until the justice will hear your case. The worst sentence possible is death and any term of imprisonment will be within a reasonable length of time.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\kerning28\b\f0\fs28 Wohoo, what now?\par
\kerning0\i\fs24 Further Design\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 More comprehensive skill lists and specialization modifiers\par
More details on a trade system\par
Any other desirable characteristics, unanswered questions?\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Story-line creation\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 IC books and myths need to be developed. If you build a book into your area, keep a note of the vnums of all books so that we can keep a comprehensive list.\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\qj\tx360 Extracts from Jonaseph\rquote s lackey\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Merchants clan - who, how, why\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}book of nationalism\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}\ldblquote Guide to Etiquette\rdblquote  as used by ____\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}The Tomb of Five (Potentials)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Lore\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Myths - fey, religion, magic, landmarks, area myths, the plague, gorges, people of history\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Blurb on the major cities and towns\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Magic\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Eye witness accounts of the \ldblquote cataclysm\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Death\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Help File creation\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 We will be requiring comprehensive help file coverage of our muds systems, rules, and processes. There should be help on advising new players, backgrounds/role-playing/names. We need also to have imm policies in \lquote imm only\rquote  help files.  Maybe we could make the help files form part of the story, kinda like in Magic the Gathering, as follows\par
\par
HELP ENTANGLE\par
(\lquote cast entangle\rquote )\par
(\lquote cast entangle <victim>\rquote )\par
\par
The entangle spell summons a seething mass of vines that greatly reduce your opponents ability to dodge, parry, or in some cases flee from combat.\par
\par
\i\ldblquote Just as the battle against Cyrilvil\rquote s honour horde began to turn against the merchants army, the fallow fields bore forth vines, which consumed the attacking army.  Verdina, Greenwarden of the North was seen to smile wryly before the branches of trees reached forth and carried her swiftly away from battle\rdblquote\i0\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Area Building\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 World map\par
Island map\par
Area outlines\par
Building policy (what comprises various zones, areas, and what standards will be used)\par
Area creation\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Interested in Joining the STRIVE TEAM?\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b0\i0\f1\fs20 We are always on the lookout for quality contributors, if you think you have something to offer Lu'Tamohr then contact strive@envy.com to get involved.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i\f0\fs24 Ideas\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f1\fs20 Help on skills only available to those who have the correct specialization.\par
Have a damage on a sword, if the lunge misses, the armor has a chance to do damage.\par
Counter lunge/counter kick/counter throw/counter slash/counter punch\par
Lunge\par
Flail\par
Attack high/medium/low\par
Defend high/medium/low\par
Only mages see details of spell affects\par
Only warriors see details of skill affects\par
Some skills don\rquote t have a percentage, you know them or don\rquote t, eg: steer\par
Druids follow from Rogue, then to Oracle or Bard or something\par
Elementalists gain health from elemental attack spells\par
Counters are states, in counter state you cannot feint for cast, but when your opponent casts/lunges you counter their move and do some extra damage.\par
Attack/Defend stance\par
Mana counters\par
\page\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\qj\b\i\f0\fs24 Key Storyline Characters\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f1\fs20\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i Jerf Mastan:  Master Merchant at the time of the coming.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i Strom:  A dashing swashbuckler with a self proclaimed tie to the nobility\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Seth\rquote Opar  A powerful Noble house\par
\par
Ingar:  Mighty Champion\par
\par
Verdina:  Oracle\par
\par
Pastilas:  A student guy.   Perhaps now a mighty mage?\par
\par
Asp Ventyl:  Sieg Heil!\par
\par
Shadow:  Eluder guy\par
\par
Oabankep Ichpala:  Alchemist\par
\par
Tandar:  Banidt\par
\par
Raturnus:  ranger\par
\b0\i0\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i\par
\par
Jerf Mastan\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0 Master Merchant of the South at the time when the coming together of potentials occurred, Merph took the opportunity to expand his activities into the north, and slowly began to take control of all trade between major cities.  Just as his organisation was spiraling and several other merchants sought his position, Merph was carried away by an animate mass of forest, passed from branch to branch not to be seen again.  Some say he angered Verdina of the North, others say she finally resorted to force to take him as her lover.  She was his only known companion, although they seemed to meet but fleetingly.\par
\par
Merph was an ardent disbeliever in the plague of minds, pointing to a disparity of symptoms and few fully documented cases.  He is known to have met Joneseph twice, bending to the knee on both occasions, an action unseen before or since.  \par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i Cyrilvil\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0 Given over by his parents during infancy to the Order of Enlightenment, Cyrilvil was named for the wedge of the full moon nestled between the mountains on the night of his entry to the Order.  While being subject to continuous mind exercises as he grew, Cyrilvil trained as much as he could with sword and shield, although his tendency to peacefulness was on par with all other in the Order.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i Joneseph\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0 Given over by his parents during infancy on the same night as Cyrilvil, Joneseph approached his duties at the monastery begrudgingly at the best of times, escaping expulsion and consequent pauper-hood only on the pleading of Cyrilvil.  As he approached adult-hood his attitude had barely changed, but he realised that life without the Order was impossible.  Taken originally to the gathering as a luggage porter, he rose to become\'85.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b\i Verdina, Greenwarden of the North\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0 An enigmatic charater, Verdina has been seen fleeting for several centuries.  Folk are unsure if it is the same woman or not, but over the years rumours have been built up by her.  A sighting of a hawk in the clear sky is said to bring good fortune, for it is Verdina passing over those to whom fortune is coming and legend has it that she is a great Oracle from whom boon or curse can be sought.  The entire \i blah\i0  forest is said to be her making.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 