{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Race Descriptions}{\author Robert Houston}
{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min32}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min32}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords810}{\nofchars4622}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws5676}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\psz1\linex0\headery706\footery706\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Race Descriptions
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Malandrin
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The Malandrin race are made up mainly of the group of people who turned
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 to life on or around the mighty Malandrin Range.  The chief inhabitants of
\par Cora'Tyl the Malandrin people are generally much stronger and sturdier than
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 their plain dwelling counterparts.  A tough mining life however has left
\par little time for classical education.  
\par  
\par Lifespan:
\par 100 years
\par 
\par 
\par Appearance and traits
\par 
\par Malandrin males are generally tall and wide shouldered, with large noses and hands.  Females lack the
 width across the shoulders, instead usually possessing quite large curvy hips. The complexion of most Malandrin is quite fair, the predominant mining life of these people sapping the color from their skin over time. This is not always the case however, a
n
d it depends upon the place of upbringing of the Malandrin. Obviously a Malandrin brought up on the coast has just as much chance of having a sailors tan as not. For the most part Malandrin are dark haired and dark eyed - blond haired Malandrin are to be 
c
onsidered quite rare. Generally Malandrin are not the most perceptive of the races, but this again depends upon the individuals upbringing. If you are brought up as a miner with little or no education you are not going to be learned, however if you were r
aised by a scholar and attended the best schools you have a good chance of possessing some intelligence. Malandrin are not known for their ability with magic \endash  most of them fear it or at the very least mistrust it.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Jlen
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The origins of the Jlen race are obscure at best.  It is understood that
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 they lived amongst the Rehan before the arrival of the Imolean.  Where they
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 came from and for what reasons are unknown, but it is recognised that they
\par were not the original inhabitants of Lu'Tamohr instead visitors, perhaps
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 traders from other lands settled on Lu'Tamohr for their own reasons.  The
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Jlen are small of stature, generally light of foot and surprisingly gifted
\par in the magical arts.  The Jlen are easily recognisable by their drooping
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 ears and pronounced jawline, and are often the best sailors and
\par thieves on Lu'Tamohr.
\par  
\par Lifespan:
\par 125 Years
\par 
\par 
\par The Jlen are predominantly shorter then any other race on Lu\rquote Tamohr. They are usually quite nimble and light of foot as a result, many of the best acrobats b
eing of the Jlen race. The drooping ears and pronounced jaw line of the Jlen are features which set them quite apart from the other inhabitants. This is likely due to the fact that the Jlen arrived on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr whereas the other races evolved through inter-breeding and climate constraints. The Jlen do not really have a \'93typical\'94
 skin, hair or eye color, the variety quite astounding, their ears the only sameness about them. Jlen are usually quite perceptive and quick witted, many making good entertainers. Th
ey have also found a place as good sailors due to their sure feet. At present a good proportion of slaves are of the Jlen race, but the most Jlen are no longer slaves \endash  generally it is something inherited from birth to be associated with a \'93
poorer\'94 upbringing.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 El\rquote Cvin
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The El'Cvin are the direct descendants of those Cvin involved in the
\par creation of the empire on Lu'Tamohr from its inception in 800BC until its
\par fall in 300BC.  Driven into the forrests and wilds of Lu'Tamohrs western
\par ranges, the El'Cvin have been forced to adapt to the often harsh and
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 difficult environment, a trying task considering their liking for the
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 trappings of luxury.  Retaining the magical gift and intelligence of their
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 ancestors the Imolean, they have done well for themselves creating large
\par communities amongst the trees.  The El'Cvin are slightly shorter then their
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Cvin brethren but have lost nothing of the refined grace and elegance of
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 their cousins despite their often slightly larger builds.  El'Cvin are
\par generally accepted by the other races in present day, though some on both
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 sides still harbor ill feeling for what happened in the past.  
\par  
\par Lifespan:
\par 125 Years
\par 
\par Cvin
\par 
\par Soon after the arrival of the Imolean folk, a new race developed as a
\par result of breeding between the magical Imolean and the practical Rehan. 
\par They are an elegant fair skinned folk, long and slender of limb and quick of
\par mind.  They have large eyes with long lashes, and narrow aquiline noses. 
\par They have inherited an aptitude for magic from their Imolean ancestors but 
\par tend to be less sturdy than your typical Rehan. 
\par  
\par Lifespan:
\par 150 years
\par 
\par Imolean
\par 
\par The Imolean race rose up from the watery depths of the ocean and appeared
\par on the south eastern seaboard of Lu'Tamohr around the year 1800BC. 
\par While still humanoid in appearance their feet exhibit  various levels of
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 aquatic function, from slight webbing between the toes to large toeless
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 fins.  Their ears follow a similar trend, some with small gill slits behind
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 them, others with complex gill structures and non-existent ears.  The
\par Imolean folk brought knowledge of the depths to the inhabitants of Lu'Tamohr
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 and were largely peaceful.  They are a magical race, but their love of peace
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 in general seems to discourage them from pursuing the magical arts.  
\par  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Lifespan:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 200 Years
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Rehan
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par The folk of the plains, or Rehan are generally accepted as the original
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 inhabitants of the island.  Their race's history stretches back into the
\par times before the ancients, and while none of their cultural achievements are
\par ever considered revolutionary they are recognised for forming the first
\par cognizant society on Lu'Tamohr.  While they bear no distinct racial
\par characteristics, their history has led them to be extremely adaptable. 
\par  
\par Lifespan:
\par 100 years
\par 
\par 
\par Help Monsters
\par 
\par }}