{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f58\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f60\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f61\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f62\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f63\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f64\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 
page number;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\keep\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs15\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult1
\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 header;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Cvin Empire}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min30}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min30}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2125}{\nofchars12114}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Cvin Empire
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par The Great Cvin Empire ruled from the western banks of  the river Tzan to the far edges of the Western Wilds. It spanned from the Great Southern Coast to within sight of the foothills of the mighty Malandrin mountain ranges.
\par 
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro, who am I?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par A young boy escaped the \lquote law\rquote  visited upon his father and his fathers holdings. Mecarro was forced to flee Ru\rquote Imer with only a few loyal retainers, his arms tutor amongst them. His noble father was executed for \'93treasonous thoughts
\'94, and his wealth confiscated by the Cvin Nobility. Angered and scared by the prospects this presented for him, Mecarro sought refuge wherever he could find it, and he was quickly forgotten by his father\rquote 
s killers. He decided early to avenge his fathers death, somehow, but such desires were secondary as he struggled to survive. Under the tutelage of his father\rquote 
s man at arms he excelled quickly in the ways of combat as he and his companions eked out a meager existence.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro hijacks a Cvin Nobleman and his train.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par His first act 
was one of banditry, striking at a travelling Cvin nobleman, his wife and escort of three. It was as much an act of survival as something more sinister and vengeful, but it was well planned. His first chance to shed blood, Mecarro slew all but one man and
 
the woman himself, seeing her hanged for supposed crimes against his family. He then sold their belongings for funding, trying to remain as anonymous as possible. With these funds he was able to quietly hire more men to join him on what he envisioned as a
 bandit group designed to strike at the rich heart of the Cvin nobility for profit as much as revenge.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par More banditry and mercenary recruiting.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par He continued his ways, quite a substantial force building of perhaps 40 men, able to waylay travelers with litt
le or no bloodshed. The nobles hanged, the possessions sold and the survivors told that if their faces were seen again they would be killed. News of this bandit group grew as more and more Cvin nobles and dignitaries were reported dead or missing. No one 
however knew his identity, and he was thought to be a simple bandit, however escorts for nobles and emissaries were doubled \endash  just in case.
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par Enamareth, the spark of revolution
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par There were eight farms, prosperous and beautiful sprawling in the fertile valley of Enamareth.  The generosity of the land made the people living there strong and healthy.  It wasn\rquote t particularly isolated either. Seven days of easy travel and you
\rquote d reach the large port of Ru\rquote Imer in the south. Seven days west got you to the larger center of Cora\rquote 
Caran. Both locations were well-known and busy centers. In the time of the Great Cvin Empire, the Rehan of Enamareth suffered greatly, as did others, from the taxes and oppression. Their sons were drafted to the army, to fight for and serve t
he Cvin. Their daughters \'93hired\'94 as maids, returning with their bellies bulging over the seed of Cvin lordlings.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Enamareth, fight with guard, anti-Cvin sentiment rises by his side.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Mecarro passed through Enamareth aiming to stock up on supplies and det
ermine if there was much nobility in the area to plunder. One of his men said too much over a tankard of ale and was overheard by an off duty Cvin guardsman. A fight then ensued, and more guards came to the fray. Mecarro\rquote 
s band escaped into the nearby wood
s where they lost their pursuers and made a hidden camp. Hearing of this incident the people of Enamareth sent Ninie and about twenty young men to aid and guide Mecarro, in the hope that he would be a thorn in the side of their oppressors. 
\par 
\par Ninie, the hal
f-breed of the Cvin lordling Gorath Siomain, was the loveliest of the girls in the valley. Ninie had all the beauty of her Cvin father, and all the earthy craftiness of her Rehan mother, a woman with hair like spun gold, eyes like violet lakes, and a mind
 like a stalking cat, as swift and dangerous. She was also fiercely loyal to the plight of the Rehan and the anti-empire sentiment they shared.
\par 
\par Before now Mecarro\rquote s aspirations had been mindless thrusts for profit and revenge but with Ninie's "guidance" he was soon brought to envisage greater things.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
He and his followers ambush a patrol and make a sneak attack upon the Cvin garrison at Enamareth, loosing it from Cvin control\'85 the nobility is hanged and the valley freed from Cvin rulership.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\fs24 [Insert cool story here]
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 The Cvin empire sends a division of its army from Cora\rquote 
Caran to crush the insurrection. Mecarro defends the valley, using \lquote burning water\rquote .
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\fs24 Having overthrown the Cvin garrison Mecarro was wise enough to expect some kind of retribution and he is not mistaken. Fifteen days later a division of the Cvin army from Cora\rquote 
Caran marched upon the valley rebels. Mecarro had prepared well, teaching basic fighting skills, and setting defenses. It is in this fight that the famous \'93burning water\'94
 technique was applied to fighting horsed men for the first time. Seeming to retreat across a wide, shallow ford, Mecarro teased the riders into the water. The moment the horses were in the water a burning arrow was fired, and the oil that had been poured
 further upriver ignited, flames leaping around the unwary riders. The disorganised riders were easily picked off, and their weapons passed out to those who came to follow Mecarro in the days to come. Stories of his bravery and skill spread far and wide i
n a short amount of time \endash  largely thanks to Ninie.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro\rquote 
s reputation and word of resistance to the Empire spreads and sparks an onset of recruits from near and far.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par As his following grew he began to extend his grip on the central plains, raging throu
gh the nearby garrisons like a fire, freeing the people and land from Cvin dominion. He armed any and all who wished to fight for him. Mecarro soon became as deeply entangled in events and euphoria as much as those who followed him. His aims grew from ear
l
ier aspirations of profit and revenge, to bringing down the rule of the Cvin Empire. It was Ninie who started to make sure Mecarro would welcome personally everybody who wanted to join him, taking their hand, saying something personal, something Ninie or 
h
is officers had supplied in advance.  And soon the rumor grew that he refused nobody, that there were people of all races in his ranks, and that he would fight to end the long, heavy oppression of the Cvin Empire.  This made more and more swarm to his arm
y, his ranks bulging with willing, new recruits.
\par 
\par Meanwhile the response to calls for aid were surprisingly small, the contented Cvin lords in their own environs not believing anyone could possibly threaten them, and only a token resistance force was ever s
ent. Certainly nothing organised that could crush the ever growing threat Mecarro represented.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro gets an army of support behind a revolution.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par With Ninie at his side like a furious angel, Lu\rquote Tamohr bent before his weapons-skills and ruthlessness, coupled with her intelligence and strategic advise. When he rode out before the gates of Cora\rquote 
Caran (his largest target of conquest to date) it was with the fields about the gates covered with people singing of the end of the Cvin empire, and the freedom of all men.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Cora\rquote Caran is a surprisingly easy conquest, razed to the ground at Ninie\rquote 
s direction, its destruction a symbol of revolution.
\par }{\b0\fs20 
\par [Insert catapult/Ximmerin/no razing story here]
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro\rquote s legion marches forth, driving the Empire before it to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Sentar, which they sack. Destroying utterly the most beautiful city ever erected on Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Cvin Empire is routed, remnants fleeing into the wilds to the west.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par The Cvin of the Empire, now in exile in the western wilds were newly labeled the El\rquote Cvin, a derogatory adaptation to differentiate them from the peaceful Cvin east of the Tzan river who were not part of the Empire.
\par 
\par At the fall of the empire, Mecarro as the only figure of unity, was kept on with the army at the direction of  a council for
med from the politicians and nobles of the different races.  Ninie kept making sure he was seen with people of all races, her own Cvin appearance calming the few surviving Cvin.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Mecarro isn\rquote t much of a politician and he knows it, so returns to Enamareth 
and trains soldiers. Mercenary troop.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par As Lu\rquote Tamohr settled into the new power-patterns, court soon became a dangerous place for Mecarro.  Ninie suggested that he do what he knew, train soldiers and then hire them to the factor with the most money. And so 
he returned to Enamareth, to the old camp in the forest with a surprisingly large number of willing followers.
\par 
\par At the mouth of the Enamareth valley, with a view over the Ru\rquote Psarn plains, Mecarro set up his estates, settling with his men. He built not a ma
nor, but a garrison, and his troops became a mercenary troop. For the next 20 years, he led his men on campaigns for the highest bidder. And those who could afford to hire Mecarro\rquote 
s Ravens were almost guaranteed to win - to the point that several disputes were settled peacefully once he showed up at the battlefield.
\par 
\par He had a horde of children with Ninie and an assorted number of mistresses. His own prodigy were of varied appearance, and the men of his troops brought home their women and children to the place they soon spoke of only as Ru\rquote 
Psarn. And so a town grew, with all the crafts supporting a standing army, the wealth of Lu\rquote Tamohr flowing into the town, but soon enough back into the land again by way of the pockets of the mercenary soldiers. Ru\rquote Psarn ha
s little to offer but a fertile farmland, and apart from the mercenaries, there was little wealth in the area.
\par 
\par Ru'Psarn grew as a mercenary barracks in the beginning, to become more of a town, though it was well fortified as you might expect. Any were welcomed there whether they wished to be trained to fight or not, the protection of Mecarro extend to all.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 He dies, mercenary band is disbanded.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\fs24 A stray arrow became his undoing.  It should have been a very easy job, but a nervous and over eager bow-man released a shot against him as he rode out into the field to parley.  The bards say that his last words as he died were: \'93
Thus, I give my own blood to fertile this earth - in the sacrifice I have led so many into.\'94  Other bards tell of how Ninie, his wife sh
owed up close to him, suddenly, her golden hair like a cloud about her face to gather his final breath into her mouth in a kiss, then to have him taken from the field.  Others tell of the way it started to rain, or the way the temperature fell at the mome
nt he died...  But what ever truly happened - Mecarro was dead.  And so ended the life of one of the most successful military leaders in the history of Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Daughter founds a training academy in her father\rquote 
s name, drawing on the fame and prestige of his memory. Ru\rquote Psarn develops.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Founded from the followers to a motley mercenary troop, Ru\rquote Psarn kept growing under the modicum of wealth still flowing into the city.  Ninie set Mecarro\rquote s oldest daughter to deal with the troops, and she founded a college 
for the training of soldiers, one which became famous throughout Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Town grows slowly, but is well protected.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Becomes less motley and more disciplined.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Years and generations pass\'85.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 The Coming.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 His line, to all knowledge, dies out during the Madness.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par When the last of Mecarro\rquote s line dies, the academy is without a clear leader. The academy being the main feature of Ru\rquote Psarn to date, the leader of the academy had taken care of the town. Now that th
e town had greater concerns, and a new leader was needed, the people of the town elected the first Psarn Warder.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Ru\rquote 
Psarn is considered reasonably safe due to its guards who defend against bandits and creatures. Nearby farms and homesteads seek its protection.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Ru\rquote Psarn today
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par The current Psarn Warder is a scholarly mage who teaches occasionally at the academy. The Academy exists, but is only a part of the town. It also supplies the revenue needed to run the town (i.e. the guards). It also has diversifie
d, instead of concentrating on just warrior training, moving to offer training in all manner and forms of excellence including the art of magic. Mercenaries frequent Ru\rquote 
Psarn, but more because it is a place apart from the clans, where deals may be struck, or where one can escape harassment, rather than for historical reasons. The people of Ru\rquote 
Psarn value their independence and openness greatly. This sentiment is reflected in its laws and the enforcement of these. They refuse to affiliate themselves with clans or causes.
\par 
\par The role of the Psarn Warder is to act as a chosen leader ensuring the preservation of the Psarn way of life. This includes maintaining the town\rquote s guard, dealing with crime, trade and outside influence. Due to its relative isolation from the
 major centres and its lack of any true wealth, Ru\rquote 
Psarn has never been the target of any ambitious clan. Its academy though well known throughout the land prides its self on its variety, but nowadays lacks the edge it once had. Being a place to start one\rquote 
s training, rather then a place where the most specialised of training can be found.
\par 
\par e.g. Go to the Ylanthlin for true mages once you have learnt what you can.
\par Or to Cora\rquote Lyst for warrior training.
\par Or to Cora\rquote Tyl for merchant training
\par Or to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan for craftsman training
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The \'93Rob\rquote s\'94 Map
\par 
\par Some points about it.
\par 
\par Gardens to the west.
\par Estate of the Psarn Warder to the North.
\par Academy situation close to the east gate, which leads out to the surrounding areas, heading toward the valley of Enamareth. The closeness to the gate allows people from the academy to venture out to the open fields for various training exercises.
\par 
\par Main entrance from the south, this is the \'93main\'94 road if you linking up eventually with the trade highway far to the west.
\par 
\par The bl
ue residential dots should differ a fair bit. I would suggest finer houses to the north closer to the estate, and the slums around the tavern close to the east gate, which I suggest be the slummy tavern. The one to the north the posh tavern, the one at th
e main gate the main tavern.
\par 
\par The yellow dots are for other places in the town that aren\rquote t part of the markets and shops. This would include such things as a brothel, perhaps a library, some kind of council chamber, guard offices things like that.
\par 
\par The market squares with the feet on them, have many stalls actually along the street, the wealthier merchants / people owning shops represented on the map also.
\par 
\par The gardens are not huge, but of a nice size and the Psarn Warder pays a caretaker to maintain it from the proceeds of the academy.
\par 
\par The stables are the only stables in town, owned by the tavern owner also. 
\par 
\par There should be a statue of Mecarro in the centre.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24 Current Help
\par }{\fs24 
\par After over five hundred years of Cvin rule, the now crumbling empire was
\par struggling to maintain its position of authority.  A Rehan youth named
\par Mecarro whose father had recently died leaving him in charge of his land and
\par holdings, took the wealth of his house measurable in gold and slaves
\par northwards toward the city of Cora'Tyl.  The Malandrin who had remained
\par indifferent to the fate of Rehan and Cvin alike concerned themselves only
\par with what they stood to gain, and struck a deal with the youth, exchanging
\par weapons, armor and training for the much prized Jlen slaves offered in
\par return.  At the age of sixteen he led a peasant army against a small Cvin
\par holding and overcame it.  Those he freed were more then willing to join his
\par force and the riches confiscated were willingly traded with the Malandrin
\par for weapons and armor.  It was in this manner that the empire created by the
\par Cvin was eventually undermined, a small and poor quality sword in the hands
\par of a youth backed by an army of slaves.  It took over two years for the
\par rebellion to free the lands entirely and all Cvin and even Rehan lords
\par captured during the anarchy were summarily executed.  Many however escaped
\par and these people fled into the dense and wild forests to the west.  The
\par Emperors city of Il'Cora'Sentar was razed to the ground, its beauty
\par destroyed utterly. 
\par 
\par With the slaves freed the youth Mecarro, now 19 gathered together well
\par respected members of the Imolean, Jlen and Rehan alike.  A council was
\par elected to oversee the restoration of order and Mecarro established the
\par township of Ru'Psarn as a place where all races were welcomed equally.
\par 
\par }}