{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title What you have written is very good (reminds me of many fantasy stories) and a lot of it I think is fine to remain as is}
{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min31}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min31}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords3559}{\nofchars16016}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\headery706\footery706\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
What you have written is very good (reminds me of many fantasy stories) and a lot of it I think is fine to remain as is. There are some things however that I do disagree with, but short of re-writing the whole story as you have 
written it I will just mention the points I believe need changing in a little detail so we can discuss these.
\par 
\par Ok, it seems we cannot stick with the original Mecarro and make headway. Very well.
\par I am happy with him being a mercenary. His motives however, something which have
\par ever been a stumbling point are very unclear. It is mentioned that the Cvin seized
\par his land and holdings, yet there is no mention of any enmity towards the Cvin. How
\par could there not be? Instead he seems to wish to kill poor innocent people and drive them into slavery for his own profits. 
\par 
\par Mecarro need not be an angel, but he need not be a ruthless villain either. I think there is no need to have such a dark angle on h
is past. I quite like that prodding finger provided by the people of Enamareth, perhaps in the beginning he was rebellious but had no direction, a direction that Ninine etc provided. 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24 Ok so his origins, I suggest the following:
\par }{\fs24 
\par Stripped of his family pos
sessions of land and title, his father executed for "treasonous thoughts" he was angry, but yet young to understand the ways of the world. His father had ordered his arms tutor to guide him should something happen to him, as he feared his fate. His arms t
utor taught him to control his anger and also the ways of combat in which he excelled at in a very short time. He made up his mind early to avenge his fathers death, somehow.
\par 
\par For funding you suggest his first conquest was a bunch of Jlen potters. I suggest
 that this makes little sense. I think it would be much more feasible that his first act was one of banditry, striking at a lesser travelling cvin nobleman and his wife and escort of 3. His first chance to shed blood, Mecarro slew all but one man and the 
woman himself, ordering her hanged for her crimes against his family. He then sold their belongings for funding, at this stage trying to remain as anonymous as possible.
\par With the funds he was able to quietly hire more men etc.
\par 
\par Similar to as you mentioned i
n your note, news of this bandit group grew as more and more Cvin nobles etc were reported dead or missing. No one however knew his identity, and he was thought to be a simple bandit, of course the guard was doubled etc. I would suggest it was then that h
e
 passed through Enarmareth. One of his men said too much over a beer and was overheard by an off duty Cvin guardsman, the fight then ensued left many dead, and had Mecarro and his men fleeing into the forests, where they made their camp. This is where the
 people of Enamareth send Ninine and perhaps 20 young men to aid and guide Mecarro. Before this his aspirations had been mindless revenge but with Ninine's "guidance" he quickly was soon brought to envision something greater. 
\par 
\par He continued his ways, quite a substantial force now of perhaps 40 men, able to waylay travelers with little or no bloodshed. The nobles hanged, the possessions sold and the rest told that if their faces were seen again they would be killed.
\par 
\par Enter the other Rehan and Malandrin lords 
as you suggested, offering their support. They then betray him when he refuses their support (though why would he refuse something he could use like this?, seems weird) (it does allow them to betray him then and make a nice story I guess) they betray him 
a
nd a squad of fifty cvin (the enamareth garrison) ambushes him. Mecarro fights like a whirlwind etc etc, inspiring his men and they win the day though with heavy casualties, their numbers halved. He executes as many of the betraying nobles as he can get h
i
s hands on (aka William Wallace). They get an amount of weapons from the corpses, and are able to fund more mercenaries. Some also hearing of the great warrior Mecarro even seek him out, pledging themselves to fight for him. But he was still little more t
hen a mercantile bandit.
\par 
\par Having bested the Cvin militia though, things were not going to get easier. The escaping men sending afar for help. 
\par 
\par This is where a division of the Cvin army came along, he used the burning water technique, and won the day again.
 Stories of his bravery and skill did not go unnoticed and he raged across the land like a fire, his first undertaking Enamareth (at the direction of Ninine of course), he armed any and all who wished to fight for him, greeting them personally etc.
\par 
\par Meanwh
ile the response to the call for help earlier was surprisingly small, the contented Cvin lords in their own environs not believing anyone could possibly threaten them, and only a token force was sent. Certainly nothing that could crush the ever growing th
reat Mecarro provided.
\par 
\par His first major conquest was Cora'Kan (made that up, it doesn\rquote t exist now) a large city
\par with trade importance. 
\par 
\par I don\rquote t think setting fire to the legs of the Ximmerin is a feasible way of winning a battle though. It just seems a bit
 weird. I would suggest that his invention of the catapult resulted in a surprisingly easy victory as they stood outside bow range firing flaming rocks into the city. Those fleeing from the city ruthlessly cut down, and given no chance of escape or quarte
r. (Even women and children of nobles hanged if you like).
\par 
\par He kept going, eventually sacking the Cvin capital of Il'Cora'Sentar, and driving the remaining Cvin lords and their army west into the forests.
\par 
\par Mecarro always the mercenary was not much of a politician, the courts becoming too dangerous for him etc, Ninine convincing him to settle to Enamareth and do as he did best, train soldiers and hire himself out to the highest bidder, from which he made a f
ine living. (Also Mecarros Wildcats sounds a bit gay, perhaps Mecarro's Ravens)
\par 
\par Ru'Psarn grew as an almost mercenary barracks in the beginning, to become more of a town, though it was well fortified as you might expect. Any were welcomed there whether they
 wished to be trained to fight or not, the protection of Mecarro extend to all (but the Cvin of course).
\par 
\par Nowadays the mercenary tradition of Ru'Psarn still exists, the town the home of the famous Ravens, a well trained group of mercenaries whose exploits are widely known.  
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24 Problems I see with this:
\par }{\fs24 
\par Maintaining the role-play. With the mercs making up a large part of Ru'Psarn us as imms will need to do a lot of work keeping the mercenary aspect obvious to the players. We certainly cant stand idle, unless
 we make pcs take on key roles within the mercenary society. The players will look to the mercenaries reactions to a variety of situations to know how to react themselves. This will prove quite difficult to manage I feel.
\par 
\par Clans trying to hire these mercen
aries, we will have to allow it, thus leaving the town itself vulnerable. A smart clan leader will hire the mercenaries to fight some useless war and attack it while they are gone, take it, and defend it against the mercenaries. The only saving grace bein
g that the town is not especially wealthy, and perhaps not worth that much trouble at the expense of the clan in question.
\par 
\par Also no magic is mentioned at all. Do they have any magicians nowadays? If they don\rquote t it is likely they fear magic, and this could po
se a HUGE problem as to their strength. Send a couple of powerful mages at a superstitious force and you shatter them.
\par 
\par Nothing is mentioned of the time of madness etc. Before this it is likely that the mercenary nature was preserved, but more to protect a
gainst banditry I would suggest. No wars as such. With the madness things got thrown into disarray, but the mercs still stay fine and dandy? Seems a bit weird, you would think some things would have changed. Perhaps they establish some code back in Mecarr
o's daughters days which stays with them and helps them remain together in the troubled times. I\rquote m not suggesting a code of Knightly Chivalry, but something suitable.
\par 
\par The town needs to be pretty open too, it cant be locked down at all, with strict access e
tc. The town proper would not be hugely guarded, and what would the mercs do for pay when there are no wars to fight? I would suggest they are only paid if they work for the town guard too, they are given meals and lodging if they train with the mercs, bu
t not paid unless there is a battle. Free training though is probably worth it.
\par 
\par Having a mercenary band protect a town suggests that they do it pretty much for free, and also suggests that either
\par a) They are so many in number that they need the entire town just to "camp" in or
\par b) They are not just in it for the money.
\par I would think the mercs would stick mainly to one area of the town with the barracks and training grounds etc, the town an almost separate thing. But then why protect it? This would suggest so
me kind of tax paid by the citizens of Ru'Psarn to the mercs. Do we want new players having to pay a tax? I\rquote m sure we can code it, realistic but harsh perhaps.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24 Conclusion: 
\par }{\fs24 I have suggested a few changes should we stick with the story Torill has written
 as what is to happen. My feelings however are that we need some kind of collaboration between the original story and Torill's suggestion, I think this can be easily achieved. The problem I have stems from Ru'Psarns make-up now and post-coming. I have no 
p
roblem with it being a place founded on a mercenary background, and this would work quite well all the way up until the coming and the madness. But I would suggest here we change tack and come up with a design that covers all the bases that need covering 
b
etter. A more lock tight leadership for the town, that requires as little imm involvement directly as possible, which is strong militarily, and detailed in a story sense. I think that with the new existence of magic, if Ru'Psarn does not move to bring in 
magic in some way shape or form it would cease to exist.
\par 
\par Sorry this took so long to write, I am without ISP, have been working a lot, have exams, the world cup cricket was on (Australia won, YAY!) and Tims car (transport to the nearest computer with net access) was broken for a while. (Excuses ended)
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx-1134\tx-567\tx-1\tx565\tx1131\tx1698\tx2264\tx2830\tx3397\tx3963\tx4530\tx5096\tx5662\tx6229\tx6795\tx7362\tx7928\tx8494\tx9061\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Ok I changed my mind, let me try and re-write Torills story, but in my with my own idealisms in place. If you get my points, it will like just spam you.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx-1134\tx-567\tx-1\tx565\tx1131\tx1698\tx2264\tx2830\tx3397\tx3963\tx4530\tx5096\tx5662\tx6229\tx6795\tx7362\tx7928\tx8494\tx9061\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par Mecarro and Ru\rquote Psarn:
\par 
\par The origin:
\par A young boy escaped the law visited upon his father and his father holdings. His noble father executed for \'93treasonous thoughts\'94, Mecarro was forced to flee Ru\rquote 
Imer with only a few loyal retainers, his arms tutor amongst them. Angered and scared by the prospects this presented for him, Mecarro sought refuge wherever he could fin
d it, and he was quickly forgotten by his fathers killers. He decided early to avenge his fathers death, excelling quickly in the ways of combat thanks to his tutor.
\par 
\par The funding:
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The first place Mecarro struck was at a settlement a little up the coast from Ru\rquote 
Imer.  With four men following him, two of them drafted from Enamareth, his old weapons teacher and a hired hand following them on promises of a share of the loot, they struck against a family of Jlen potters living close to where they took their 
clay out.  Striking at night, they killed the oldest and the youngest, and took away two families of skilled crafters, 7 Jlen women and 5 Jlen men.  A swift robbery of a young Cvin woman out recklessly riding alone got Ninie a dress that made her look the
 part, and she took the string of slaves to the market in Cora\rquote 
Kan where she had a sweet profit.  The slaves had all had their tongues cut out before the sale, exept a few of the youngest children, considered too young to know what had happened to them.
\par \tab With the profit Mecarro could hire more hands, and Ninie spied out settlements of a similar kind.  Always choosing the vulnerable J\rquote 
len craftsmen, living apart and considered thieves and untrustworthy by their neighbours, Mecarro soon had a large band of hir
ed soldiers.  They built a camp in Enamareth, in the forest of the hillside, hidden from the casual eye, but with an excellent view over the roads into and out of the village.
\par 
\par 
\par Enamareth, the origin:
\par There were seven farms, prosperous and beautiful sprawling in the fertile valley of Enamareth.  The generosity of the land made the people living there strong and healthy.  It wasn\rquote t particularly isolated either, four days of easy travel and you
\rquote d reach the coast and the village of Ru\rquote Imer, six days in the other direction got you to the larger center of Cora\rquote Kan, both well-known and busy centers in the time of the Cvin empire.
\par 
\par In the time of the Cvin empire, the Rehan of Enamareth suffered greatly from the taxes, their sons drafted to the army, to fight for and serve the Cvin, their daughters \'93hired\'94
 as maids and returning with their bellies bulging over the seed of Cvin lordlin
gs.  When the young Mecarro passed through, the people of the valley of Enamareth supported his rebellion, seeing in the ruthlessness vendetta of the youth the weapon that could give them their revenge as well as their own.  And so they sent the loveliest
 
of the girls, Ninie, the half-breed of the Cvin lordling Gorath Siomain, to Mecarro, making certain he was well pleased with his stay in Enamareth, and that he would wish to return.  Ninie had all the beauty of her Cvin father, and all the earthy craftine
s
s of her Rehan mother, a woman with hair like spun gold, eyes like violet lakes, and a mind like a stalking cat, as swift and dangerous.  When Mecarro went on, she went with him, and she swiftly started putting the plans of the people or Enamareth into li
fe.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The idea:
\par As the band and Mecarro\rquote s wealth grew, so did his reputation.  And soon his father\rquote s friends came to \'93remember\'94 the young man they had so conveniently forgotten all about when his father was executed for \'93treasonous thoughts\'94
 and the wealth of the house was taken over by the Cvin, together with Mecarro\rquote 
s family and the land.  Finding themselves pressed from all sides as the Cvin started taking over more and more of the wealthy old Malandrin houses, they came with offerings of their economic 
support and their acceptance and protection, if he would suport them in the fight against the Cvin.  Ninie quickly disillusioned Mecarro about the measure of support, and tried to get him from it.  When he refused, the old \'93friends\'94
 sold him to the Cvin au
thorities for the murder of the young woman supplying the clothes Ninie had worn at that first auction.  And the people of Enamareth, who also wanted Mecarro to fight the Cvin, not drag lawless men into their valley, helpfully pointed into the forest when
 a small troup of Cvin came to capture Mecarro.
\par \tab To get away, Mecarro had to kill the Cvin, and he slaughtered four men, Ninie getting a fitth who was trying to stab him in the back, his old weaponsmaster killing two.  Now he had to leave Enamareth, and he 
told his men to meet him in the forests at the west edge of the Ru\rquote Psarn plains.  They met him there, but so did a division of the Cvin army, to aresst him.  It is in this fight that the famous \'93burning water\'94
 technique was applied to fighting figting hors
ed men for the first time.  Seeming to retreat across a river, across a wide, shallow ford, Mecarro teased the riders into the water.  The moment the horses were in the water, a flaming arrow was shot at them and the oil that had been pored on the water f
urther upriver ignited in an inferno of flames.  The disorganised riders were easily picked off, and the weapons passed out to those who came to follow Mecarro in the days following.
\par \tab It was soon clear that Mecarro would not have peace until he was dead or 
the Cvin were thrown.  And so his long series of battles started.  He raged like a fire across the land, arming any who swore to fight for him, killing those who refused.  With Ninie at his side like a furious angel, Lu\rquote 
Tamor bent before his weapons-skills
 and ruthlessness, coupled with her intelligence and strategic advise.  It was Ninie who started to make sure Mecarro would welcome personally everybody who wanted to join him, taking their hand, saying something personal, something Ninie or his officers 
h
ad supplied in advance.  And soon the rumour grew that he refused nobody, that there were people of all races in his ranks, and that he would fight to end the long, heavy oppression of the Cvin empire.  This made more and more swarm to his army, and when 
he rode out before the gates of (supply name of important Cvin city here) it was with the fields about the gates covered with people singing of the end of the Cvin empire,and the freedom of all men.
\par 
\par The fall of an empire:
\par The songs about the red fields of Emein are not quite true - there was very little blood shed among Mecarro\rquote 
s ranks.  A nest of young Ximmerin had ben spotted in the towers of the west side of the city.  On a day with wind from the west, the young ximmerin hunting for fish in a pond just o
utside the city gates were captured.  From their legs were tied oiled cloth, which were then put fire to.  Ximmerin, being related to the salamanders living close to volcanoes, can tolerate flames, but they will be burned.  And all of the flying lizards o
n Lu\rquote Tamor tend to return to their nests immediately in case of danger.  So the west towers were ignited and the flames soon skipped from tower to tower, the city flaring into flame.
\par \tab Fleeing from the madness of the city streets, the people of (supply centr
al city here) poured out the gate.  And so it was that the red fields of Emain received its grizly sacrifice and the name was justified, with the blood of helpless Cvin, children, women and elderly.  A poorly organised group of soldiers tried to protect t
he innocents, but they were swiftly murdered, their gestures of surrender ignored by the angry peasants and craftsmen following Mecarro.  
\par \tab At the fall of the empire, Mecarro as the only figure of unity was kept on with the army in (central city) by the cou
ncil swiftly collected by the politicians of the different races.  Ninie kept making sure he was seen with people of all races, her own Cvin appearance calming the few surviving Cvin.  As Lu\rquote 
Tamor settled back into the new power-patterns, court soon became
 a dangerous place for Mecarro.  Ninie suggested that he do what he knew.. Train soldiers and hire them to the factor with the most money.  And so he returned to Enamareth, to the old camp in the forest.
\par 
\par Somewhat happy for a while after:
\par At the mouth of the Enamareth valley, with a view over the Ru\rquote 
Psarn plains, Mecarro set up his estates, settling with his men.  He built not a manor, but a garrison, and his troops became a mercenary troop.  For the next 20 years, he led his men on campaigns for the highes
t bidder.  And those who could afford to hire Mecarro\rquote s Wildcats were almost guarateed to win - to the point that several disputes were settled peacefully once he showed up at the battlefield.
\par \tab He had a horde of children with Ninie and an assorted number of mistresses.  His own prodigy were of varied appearance, and the men of his troops brought home their women and children to the place they soon spoke of only as Ru\rquote 
Psarn.  And so a town grew, with all the crafts supporting a standing army, the wealth of Lu\rquote Tamor flowing into the town, but soon enough back into the land again by way of the pockets of the mercenary soldiers.  Ru\rquote 
Psarn has little to offer but a fertile farmland, and apart from the mercenaries, there was little wealth in the area.
\par 
\par Mecarro\rquote s end:
\par A stray arrow became his undoing.  It should have been a very easy job, but a nervous and over eager bow-man released a shot against him as he rode out into the field to parley.  The bards say that his last words as he died were: \'93Thus, I give my own b
lood to fertile this earth - in the sacrifice i have led so many into.\'94
  Other bards tell of how Ninie, his wife showed up close to him, suddenly, her golden hair like a cloud about her face to gather his final breath into her mouth in a kiss, then to have
 him taken from the field.  Others tell of the way it started to rain, or the way the temperature fell at the moment he died...  But what ever truly happened - Mecarro was dead.  And so ended the life of one of the most ruthless men in the history of Lu
\rquote Tamor.
\par 
\par Ru\rquote Psarn\rquote s future:
\par Founded from the followers to a motley mercenary troop, Ru\rquote Psarn kept growing under the wealth still flowing into the city.  Ninie set Mecarro\rquote s oldest daughter to lead the troops, and she again founded a college for the training o
f soldiers, one which became famous throughout Lu\rquote Tamor.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 bandit
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}