{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Lu\'92Tamohr Clans}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min17}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min17}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1730}{\nofchars9863}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Lu\rquote Tamohr Clans
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par The histories of each clan are written in the applicable help files, this is supposed to be a preliminary guide to how the clans act, and how they are made up in the present day.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The fists have their base of operations in the huge city of Cora\rquote Lyst on the southern coast.
 They are a powerful clan, and their dominion stretches for a fair distance in all directions, except of course south. Powerful in military terms they are also powerful when it comes to trade, the highway linking Cora\rquote Lyst to Cora\rquote 
Tyl and sea trade along the coast and up the river Tzan to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan giving the fists of Xlevan much sway in an economics sense. They possess the largest port and Navy (almost the only), whose sole aim is ensuring the safety of trading vessels from piracy, war upon the seas not
 something that happens. Their patrols go as far as Falsta Tandar along the highway to Cora\rquote Tyl. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The fists of Xlevan have grown a lot, even since Xlevan\rquote s death. Due to its size, it is difficult to place one leader in charge of all F
ist of Xlevan efforts. As a result, the fists of Xlevan have two leaders. A commander, in charge of the fists field armies and city guards, and an overseer, who presides over the trading and administration of the fists domain. Beneath the overseer is a co
uncil of master merchants, and beneath the commander of course are his captains. 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 As the lands controlled by the fists of Xlevan are not opened as yet, it is impossible to fully introduce the fists of Xlevan. What I would suggest would be the following:
\par 
\par An emissary sent to Ru\rquote Psarn, to search out new followers, but not to conscript them yet. To explain the players inability to join the clan or venture to the territories of the fists I would suggest that when we open,
 the fists have just instigated a blockade, angered by something that the silver tongues have done. So players trying to venture to Cora\rquote Lyst and its territories would reach a line of soldiers, telling them to turn back as they are under orders.

\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Silver Tongues
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The silver tongues base their operations in Cora\rquote 
Tyl, where they control the islands trade in minerals, ores and metals. Their domain does not stretch very far, encompassing only a variety of mines throughout the Malandrin ranges and a few small towns southwest of Cora\rquote 
Tyl. The Silver Tongues rely on the highway to Cora\rquote Lyst to trade most of their goods, even with Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan which they ship from Cora\rquote Lyst. The Silver Tongues are a very rich clan, but do not possess the armies that th
e fists possess, and have desires on riches rather then conquer. Cora\rquote Tyl is pretty much impregnable which is why no one has successfully conquered it.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The Silver Tongues have a single leader, who is responsible for the guidance of Silver Tongue policy in Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Beneath him is his chancellor who presides over Cora\rquote Tyl, and beneath them a council of master merchants. The Silver Tongues also have a commander, and although he does not command armies of the size of the fists, he is s
till an excellent commander. 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Cora\rquote 
Tyl is currently opened, but I am unsure as to how it fits with the structure of the Silver Tongue clan. If it is fine with what we want, then the Silver Tongues should be introduced to the players immediately, their structure displayed in Cora\rquote 
Tyl and some of their merchant emissaries sent to places like Ru\rquote Psarn to search out new contracts for the Silver tongues. I am not sure if Cora\rquote Tyl is currently ready for this, so what I wou
ld suggest is that the silver tongues have closed the gates of Cora\rquote Tyl to all outsiders in anticipation of an attack from the fists. So players can venture toward Cora\rquote 
Tyl where they see various patrols telling them to turn back and finally the imposing gates of Cora\rquote Tyl.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: House Seth\rquote o\rquote par
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20 
 This royal house controls almost all of the land to the east of the river Tzan and base their rule in the great city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan. The city has many noble houses, as does outside the city, noble houses possessing various amounts of lands and power. Were the entire might of those east of the Tzan to combine forces, they would be very formidable, but it is common for minor lords 
to squabble amongst themselves for land and resources. Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par is the ruling house, and possess an impressive army on their own, but they rely on conscripts from other noble houses for things like wars. The land east of the Tzan is a very rich and beautiful land.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The lands of Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par are ruled by the High Prince, to which all other nobles houses must pay tribute. Beneath the High Prince are his advisors, his merchant council, his Commander and his Administrator who watches over Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan in the High Princes name. Apart from those of the ruling house, are of course the many other houses, each with varying power. There are many subtleties and much intrigue in the game of houses played by the nobles east of the river Tzan.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Once again we do not have their capital, or even any lands east of the Tzan for players to venture to. To explain this I suggest the following:
\par 
\par There are three ways to get to the east of the Tzan, they are:
\par 
\par Go around the north edge of the river Tzan, which starts in the mountains. I suggest for this that the pass is blocked, due to an earthquake or something, making travel impossible. 
\par 
\par Cross the River Tzan. There are a couple of ferries which offer travel across the river tzan. The first is close to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan, and I would suggest that this ferry is being repaired and is not open for operation. The second ferry would be between the Ylanthlin isle and each bank of the river Tzan. This ferry I suggest has been sunk by pira
tes, who have taken control of the mouth of the Tzan river with the fists busy planning for war, thus cutting off trade along the Tzan. 
\par 
\par The pirates of course account for the third possible way to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan too.
\par 
\par This leaves the nobility cut off from t
rade, but they are easily able to survive, their rich farmlands able to maintain them. They have no wish to interfere with the possible war between the fists and the Silver Tongues, and settle down to bicker amongst themselves. I would suggest there is a 
noble lord of some rank in Ru\rquote Psarn, trapped west of the Tzan with the ferries not working. He would be staying in the plush inn in Ru\rquote Psarn. Why Ru\rquote 
Psarn? Because it is the closest town of any size to the ferry which will take him back to his lands. He wou
ld speak to the players on the goings on of the courts east of the Tzan, we would have to make careful note of the storyline devised here, to ensure we are consistent. He would send his servants out to see if the ferry was working yet quite regularly, and
 people would come to know him as that noble guy.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Ylanthlin
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20 
 The Ylanthlin control an island which is the base of their operations and a small town (on each bank of the river) with a ferry which transports newcomers to the island, and resid
ents off the island. The island is of course on the river Tzan. The Ylanthlin welcome anyone wishing to study magic, and their island contains the best library on the face of the island, along with a variety of mage towers and a small city to support it.

\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
 The Ylanthlin are lead by a council of seven wise and powerful mages. One of these mages is the chair person, and the face of authority to those who reside on the Ylanthlin isle. He is seen as the political figurehead, but in reality d
ecisions are made by the council. Each of the seven would perhaps have their own tower, devoted to some particular study. One should be the guy who looks over the library too. The Ylanthlin do possess a guard of men with conventional weapons along with a 
c
ommander of these men, but rely mostly on their magical prowess to ensure they remain unmolested by the other clans. They certainly do not have a large army which they commonly wage wars with, and they rely on their magical aptitude to produce items to tr
a
de for the necessities they need. They are not a rich clan nor politically powerful, instead focusing on teaching the art of magic to all who are willing and able to learn. Many Ylanthlin representative are also advisors to powerful people throughout the 
isle, giving them access to valuable information.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par With the ferries to the isle destroyed, it is not possible for players to travel to the Ylanthlin isle, perhaps we need a really small town with a ferry, and a representative of the Ylanthlin. Although technically cut off from the rest of the world due to
 the absence of the ferries, some of their powerful mages are able to continue to travel throughout Lu\rquote Tamohr to obtain the goods they need. They would be working on getting the ferry operational. 
\par As you would expect of the Ylanthlin, they have a representative in many places (though no in Cora\rquote Tyl?), to tell people of magic and to send them to the Ylanthlin for training. Ru\rquote 
Psarn is no different, perhaps one of the trainers in the academy is a representative of the Ylanthlin.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Sephites
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The Sephites base their operations on an island off the southern coast of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, called the sanctuary. It is a large isle, with a maintainable population, and it focuses on healing and caring for any and all who need it. It is also the centre of healing for Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, the best healers and healer trainers found on the Sephite isle. They do not attempt to attain riches or power, content with applying the beliefs of their long dead founder Jonaseph.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  
The sephites hierarchy is a triumvirate. One person watches over the affairs and needs of the sanctuary. One person watches over the agents of the sephites who ply their trade beyond the island sanctuary, and a third watches over the political situation o
f Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, reporting on things which might influence the operations of the Sephites. The sephites also possess a standing army, and although it is elite it is very small and never used for anything other than protecting its emissaries from brigandry. The 
other clans realise the importance of the Sephites, and although they have each tried to gain control of them in the past, have settled to accept them as a force note to tamper with for their own benefit.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 I have little idea how well Isfael\rquote 
s sanctuary currently fits with this scenario, and if it does fit well then we should open the sanctuary and the sephite clan to the players and explain their machinations. If it is not ready by the time we open, then I suggest tha
t the same pirates who have cut off the mouth of the Tzan river have wreaked havoc along the southern coast, no captain willing to risk his ship until the menace has been cleared. This leaves the many agents of the Sephites unable to contact their heirarc
hy, and has them nervous as to what is to happen. There should of course be a sephite agent in Ru\rquote 
Psarn unable to send those needing dire care to the sanctuary for aid. This person should be some type of healer or apothecary and perhaps own a shop in Ru\rquote Psarn.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par This is a little jumbled I know, but I wanted to get it up quickly as it is quite important. We can work on areas such as Cora\rquote 
Tyl and the Sanctuary after we open to get them up and running in perfect order if they still require some finishing touch
es before we are ready to open, that should not be a concern. We must be careful though, for if some clans are fully accessible to others and some aren\rquote 
t there will be an amount of bias towards those clans perhaps. I personally would like to see all the clans available to the players at the same time, but this is a very difficult ask given the magnitude of the work remaining to do on areas alone.
\par }}