{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f353\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}
{\f354\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f356\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f357\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f360\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 
Body Text 2;}{\*\cs18 \additive \b \sbasedon10 Strong;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1276620800\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent283{\leveltext
\'03\'00) ;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b0\i0\f0\fs24\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-283\li283 }{\listname ;}\listid2113279459}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2113279459\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info
{\title Lu\'92Tamohr Clans}{\author Torill}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min18}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min18}{\printim\yr1999\mo8\dy20\hr11\min6}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords4014}{\nofchars22880}
{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws28098}{\vern8247}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Lu\rquote Tamohr Clans
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Wonderful work, to get this out to all, Rob.  Now\'85. As for my comments and questions;
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: Yes, I approved of your efforts also, but since offering critique seems to be the cool thing to do, here are some of my comments.  Of course, adding them in a font that would distinguish them from the rest is\'85 hard.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 The histories of each clan are written in the applicable help files, this is supposed to be a preliminary guide to how the clans act, and how they are made up in the present day.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The fists have their base of operations in the huge city of Cora\rquote Lyst on the
 southern coast. They are a powerful clan, and their dominion stretches for a fair distance in all directions, except of course south. Powerful in military terms they are also powerful when it comes to trade, the highway linking Cora\rquote Lyst to Cora
\rquote Tyl and sea trade along the coast and up the river Tzan to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan giving the fists of Xlevan much sway in an economics sense. They possess the largest port and Navy (almost the only), whose sole aim is ensuring the safety of trading vessels from piracy, war u
pon the seas not something that happens. Their patrols go as far as Falsta Tandar along the highway to Cora\rquote Tyl. 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Navy\'85
 will come back to that later.  Their domain sounds fine, however.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The fists of Xlevan have grown a lot, even since Xlevan\rquote 
s death. Due to its size, it is difficult to place one leader in charge of all Fist of Xlevan efforts. As a result, the fists of Xlevan have two leaders. A commander, in charge of the fists field armies and city guards, and an overseer, who
 presides over the trading and administration of the fists domain. Beneath the overseer is a council of master merchants, and beneath the commander of course are his captains. 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Rob and I discussed the very important question: if the Fists are so strong, why don\rquote t they just take Lu\rquote Tamohr?  Personally, I am against starting with a clan which screams \'93We Rule\'94
 from day one.  So I would suggest a little flaw to their dominance, which will affect the ability to travel into their lands as well.  I would like mu
ch of the vast lands held by the fists to be very sparsely populated, and difficult.  Swamps, remote hills, barely livable plains and deserts.  These vast lands are a strain to hold, but they represent a buffer to the Fists heartlands, and for strategic r
e
asons will not be abandoned.  This ties up the resources of the Fists, making them more vulnerable and less of a threat to the others, and allows us to build smaller sites - border posts with just a few soldiers and a farm, tiny dreary scattering of mud-h
uts in the swamps\'85 and bitter officers trained to the glory of the Fists but placed in what they see as honourless exile guarding a heap of rocks or a mudpond.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: The logistics alone of fighting over a long distance is a good start as to why they can\rquote t dominate the whole isle.  Without a steady route of supply from Cora\rquote 
Lyst to wherever they are fighting, the forces are soon forced back unless 1. They have overwhelming numbers 2. They have overwhelming skill.  However, if the clan has plans of dominance,
 giving them shoddy lands to hold is probably not a good way to sate their hunger for battle, conquest etc.  Perhaps if they had some decent land, they might not want to grab more so much.  Just a suggestion.  Also, if they are governed by two people, the
 opposing opinions between them could be reason to stop them from invading.  Perhaps this is a source of conflict within the Fists, giving them no clear direction.  Not sure if this is what you had in mind for them, however.
\par 
\par Also, the structure of the clan sounds cool, but consider the logistics of this when making up the clan with actual players.  Two leaders for a start can be somewhat interesting \endash 
 introduces a whole new level of diplomacy within a clan which might actually mirror what I am talking about with people with opposing ideas \endash 
 stick a hippie and a warrior leading the clan, and they would fight each other more than others.  I will speak of this more in future, however.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 As the lands controlled by the fists of Xlevan are not opened as yet, it is impossible to fully introduce the fists of Xlevan. What I would suggest would be the following:
\par 
\par An emissary sent to Ru\rquote Psarn, to search out new followers, but not to conscript the
m yet. To explain the players inability to join the clan or venture to the territories of the fists I would suggest that when we open, the fists have just instigated a blockade, angered by something that the silver tongues have done. So players trying to 
venture to Cora\rquote Lyst and its territories would reach a line of soldiers, telling them to turn back as they are under orders.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I have a little problem with this blockade, but I expect the reason will be clearer by and by.  If there is to be a conflict betwee
n the Silver Tongues and the Fists this early in the game (although it fits well with the theme) I want it 1) not to the point of a threat of war breaking out and 2) over a specific and easily solved matter, deadlocked out of reasons of diplomacy and conv
enience rather than a real conflict.
\par 
\par Why?
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1) \tab}}\pard \qj \fi-283\li283\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnfs24\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta ) }}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin283\itap0 {
\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 If the game starts at the point of where a war can start, we may easily become manipulated into the point where we have to start the war or make an illogic imm decision that there will be no war.  So, the sit
uation on start-up in my point of view has to be firm, stable, conflicts should be visible but not over-powering.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2) \tab}}\pard \qj \fi-283\li283\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnfs24\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta ) }}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin283\itap0 {
\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I would like to have the option to solve this conflict, and I would like to have that option open for layer participation.  Careful nego
tiations, some parties with polite mingling, a few exchanges of gifts and concessions\'85 and the conflict will be solved.  This can take as much time as we like, and be done with the moment the cities are ready to open.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: I would also be hesistant to put Lu\rquote 
Tamohr upon the brink of total war when we open.  I like the idea of a blockade per se, but would suggest something less inflammatory for the reason.  Perhaps the bandits in Falsta Tandar are being particularly active and the road is closed until they
 are subdued.  With the amount of piracy and the like brought up later in this doc, it doesn\rquote 
t seem to be an unpopular idea.  If the Silver Tongues must be involved, perhaps they are unimpressed that the Fists are not keeping the road clear for trade withi
n the cities, hence cutting them off.  They could think the Fists are doing in intentionally to starve them, even though Cora\rquote Lyst suffers also.  With this, representatives could meet in Ru\rquote 
Psarn to clear the air, discover the truth (that the Fists plan to sort it out) and go merrily on their way.  Could have players doing part of the talks if we wanted.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Silver Tongues
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The silver tongues base their operations in Cora\rquote 
Tyl, where they control the islands trade in minerals, ores and metals. Their domain does not stretch very far, encompassing only a variety of mines throughout the Malandrin ranges and a few small towns southwest of Cora\rquote 
Tyl. The Silver Tongues rely on the highway to Cora\rquote Lyst to trade most of their goods, even with Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan which they ship from Cora\rquote 
Lyst. The Silver Tongues are a very rich clan, but do not possess the armies that the fists possess, and have desires on riches rather then conquer. Cora\rquote Tyl is pretty much impregnable which is why no one has successfully conquered it.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The Silver Tongues have a single leader, who is responsible for the guidance of Silver Tongue policy in Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Beneath him is his chancellor who presides over Cora\rquote Tyl, and beneath them a council of master merchants. Th
e Silver Tongues also have a commander, and although he does not command armies of the size of the fists, he is still an excellent commander. 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What the Silver Tongues lack in size, they make up in defensability.  The \'93heart\'94 of their power is the very def
ensible city, with the mines close.  They may have to tighten their belts a bit in a siege, but strategists that they are, there are large stores of food within their walls.  This frees larger parts of their troops, in case of an armed conflict, and the t
e
rrain they have to defend is while smaller, also one that consistently gives defenders the higher ground, and will make a strategic retreat a battle each step of the way, less than a headless run trying not to be cut off from the capital, as a retreat in 
the areas of the Fists will be.  This way terrain balances might, and keeps the two military powers both in check.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: Domain sounds fine, it is what I expected.  Once again though, the actual structure is something we have to consider from a point of vi
ew of filling the roles with actual players.  Would a council of merchants actually be able to be filled?  It would be quite cool if you could only hold a high Silver Tongue rank if you had the merchant spec, actually.  However, what is the function of th
i
s merchant council?  Control trade from and within the city?  Seven is a lot of people to reach an agreement, unless democracy rules and they can vote to resolve issues.  Seems to just make a council to talk lots and accomplish little in my eyes.  Not to 
say it\rquote s bad, I like the idea, just raising how it would work practically.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Cora\rquote Tyl is currently opened, but I am unsure as to how it fi
ts with the structure of the Silver Tongue clan. If it is fine with what we want, then the Silver Tongues should be introduced to the players immediately, their structure displayed in Cora\rquote 
Tyl and some of their merchant emissaries sent to places like Ru\rquote Psarn to search out new contracts for the Silver tongues. I am not sure if Cora\rquote 
Tyl is currently ready for this, so what I would suggest is that the silver tongues have closed the gates of Cora\rquote Tyl to all outsiders in anticipation of an attack from the fists. So players can venture toward Cora\rquote 
Tyl where they see various patrols telling them to turn back and finally the imposing gates of Cora\rquote Tyl.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Personally, I think there isn\rquote t much lacking still in Cora\rquote Tyl.  The council needs to get in place\'85 the rumours of mages work fine with me, so the mobs don\rquote t need to be reprogged\'85
.  Well, perhaps a little - go from directed suspicion to more clean-cut general paranoia, and get the mouse of the Silver Tongue leader into a presentable shape.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: I think Cora\rquote Tyl is 
fairly usable.  Council building has to be filled out still (never got around to that) and some of the specific progs regarding mages will have to be altered, but generally the citizens just react to the mention of mages without being specific about it.  
H
owever, closing the gates for a little bit to give me/whoever a chance to run around it and ensure it is up to scratch is perhaps a good idea.  Need to balance the need for areas for people to explore and having a fully working city.  Working by the 80% w
orking, 20% not, I would say players should be able to reach it now.  By carriage of course, which can be implemented via a substantial bribe_prog.  Same for Ru\rquote Katta.  This will have to do until we have the roads in place.  
\par 
\par As for what they are doing, as I suggested above, they could be in negotiations with the Fists because of the amount of banditry hampering their trade at present, whether they think it is the fault of the Fists or not.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: House Seth\rquote o\rquote par
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  This royal house controls almost 
all of the land to the east of the river Tzan and base their rule in the great city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan. The city has many noble houses, as does outside the city, noble houses possessing various amounts of lands and power. Were the entire might of those east o
f the Tzan to combine forces, they would be very formidable, but it is common for minor lords to squabble amongst themselves for land and resources. Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par is the ruling house, and possess an impressive army on their own, but they rely on conscripts from other noble houses for things like wars. The land east of the Tzan is a very rich and beautiful land.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: Sounds cool enough to me.  Who rules all the way to the west bank of the Tzan though?  If that land is not ruled by anybody specifically, I woul
d expect lords to slip across to attempt to grab land for themselves, as well as the serfs of them.  Oh, that\rquote 
s a good point.  Do they have a feudal system i.e. lords and serfs, or something else?  Anyway, as I said, I would expect lords to attempt to expa
nd their holdings somewhat.  Could be a source of conflict with other clans perhaps.  This sort of land includes stuff like Ru\rquote Katta and the other villages along the coast \endash  who rules these?]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The lands of Seth\rquote o
\rquote par are ruled by the High Prince, to which all other nobles houses must pay tribute. Beneath the High Prince are his advisors, his merchant council, his Commander and his Administrator who watches over Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan in the High Princes name. Apart from those of the ruling house, are of course the many other houses, each with varying power. There are many subtleties and much intrigue in the game of houses played by the nobles east of the river Tzan.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Need some history here\'85.  What houses, what kind of conflicts\'85 a few examples to 
set the flavor of the play.  Are these backstabbing nobles in the style of the Medici courts, where all wear rings with poiison, or are they romantic highland-lords who bow to an honorable king of the kind of Arthur?  (personally wants the backstabbers, s
o much more fun\'85 but romanticists are much easier manipulated\'85)  Oh, one thing.  What\rquote 
s the weather here?  This has a bearing on costumes and ways of living.  If it keeps snowing (please, can we lose that) outdoors parties and flowing silks just isn\rquote t it\'85..  
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: I have suggested the weather system be altered to give different weather for different areas (has a good idea on how to implement it, but is sure Tim could nut it out) and I would suggest that the lands east of the Tzan are fairly warm.   Parties
 and silks sums up nobility to me.  Is a lot easier for new players to grasp too.  I think nice backstabbing nobles are cooler also, and a lot more fun.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033   And boys\'85while I remember\'85 Don\rquote 
t make me SCREAM this.  I want female leaders!  Some of all these cla
nleaders and commanders should be women.  OK, so cyberspace is mainly staffed with men.  But the best RP-ers are women.  And the RP picks up a lot in environments with a good mixture.  AND we can only get that if we don\rquote 
t make the girls fight stupid RL prejudices as well as the general clamber for the top.  Make the chars on top female.  Let women be famous commanders, warriors, strategists, merchants, mages.  Don\rquote 
t worry, the boys will take care of themselves, they always do.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Stating that women are better than men won\rquote 
t earn you much support, Torill, it\rquote ll only offend us, whether it is true or not.  However, I agree that woman should occupy high roles also, there is no reason why they would not.  The only time this might come under scrutiny is warrio
r type roles that are suited to raw strength, but usually skill beats strength anyway.  However, anything like leadership, commanding, strategy etc etc is something woman can do equally competantly, and I don\rquote 
t mind women occupying these roles.  A nice blend sounds good to me (not all chicks, I mean really ~grins~)]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Once again we do not have their capital, or even any lands east of the Tzan for players to venture to. To explain this I suggest the following:
\par 
\par There are three ways to get to the east of the Tzan, they are:
\par 
\par Go around the north edge of the river Tzan, which starts in the mountains. I suggest for this that the pass is blocked, due to an earthquake or something, making travel impossible. 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Sounds good to me.  A pass not travellable is quite plausible]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
Cross the River Tzan. There are a couple of ferries which offer travel across the river tzan. The first is close to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan, and I would suggest that this ferry is 
being repaired and is not open for operation. The second ferry would be between the Ylanthlin isle and each bank of the river Tzan. This ferry I suggest has been sunk by pirates, who have taken control of the mouth of the Tzan river with the fists busy pl
anning for war, thus cutting off trade along the Tzan. 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: The piracy thing depends on whether the Fists are planning for war or not.  Also, just because the Fists are planning a war over land doesn\rquote t mean their navy is crippled \endash  they would have specia
list naval commander ensuring their hold upon the ocean while they are occupied.  I doubt these naval commanders know what they are doing so much on land to warrant them abandoning their ships in favor of marching with the Fists army.  If the Fists have s
u
ch a big navy as outlined above, I think their dominance of the waters should be paramount.  However, this does give the possibility for the Fists to have a stranglehold on trade throughout the isle.  Is this the plan?  If the Fists get angry with anybody
, they can crush their trade routes, whereas the same cannot be said about other clans with the Fists.  A little risky.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 The pirates of course account for the third possible way to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan too.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: If pirates are not the case, then simple traders going between Il\rquote 
Cora\rquote Dvan and Cora\rquote Lyst would give rides for a couple of coins, I am certain.  This is another point.  The routes of merchants independent of clans should be outlined so we know what can be blockaded by who.  For instance, the merchants cou
ld probably go directly from Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan to Cora\rquote Tyl if Cora\rquote 
Lyst is closed.  The route would, of course, be much more dangerous than the sea trade version, else people would never take the sea trade version.  However, I sure that if people were desperate, they would use the mountains.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
This leaves the nobility cut off from trade, but they are easily able to survive, their rich farmlands able to maintain them. They have no wish to interfere with the possible war between the fists and the Silver Tongues, a
nd settle down to bicker amongst themselves. I would suggest there is a noble lord of some rank in Ru\rquote Psarn, trapped west of the Tzan with the ferries not working. He would be staying in the plush inn in Ru\rquote Psarn. Why Ru\rquote 
Psarn? Because it is the closest to
wn of any size to the ferry which will take him back to his lands. He would speak to the players on the goings on of the courts east of the Tzan, we would have to make careful note of the storyline devised here, to ensure we are consistent. He would send 
his servants out to see if the ferry was working yet quite regularly, and people would come to know him as that noble guy.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Again, I don\rquote t like to have players entering the world at the brink of war.  The pass being closed is fine.  The bandits are OK, they
 might even be a somewhat more permanent feature than just through this situation - to have the river constantly threatened by bandits might make sense if it runs through fairly desolate areas and it is a border region, not really under the jurisdiction o
f either group (rob Seth\rquote Opar\'85 flee to the protection of the Ylanthin\'85 rob the Ylanthin\'85 flee to the protection of the Fists\'85) and no unity and cooperation between the clans controlling territory.
\par Actually, I would not mind having the bandit situation something which needs to be resolved between the three clans, and a reason for all of them to have representatives in Ru\rquote Psarn.  Oh, BTW\'85
 not many posh inns.. the poshest one is sadly lacking for the poor representative from the peak of civilisation\'85..
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Yeah, Ru\rquote 
Psarn is rather run down.  The poshest inn is a little sad still.  Having a Lord trapped west of the Tzan with no simple way back (especially if the route is endangered by pirates/bandits) would give a good reason for him to wander around Ru\rquote Psarn 
complaining about being there.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Ylanthlin
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20 
 The Ylanthlin control an island which is the base of their operations and a small town (on each bank of the river) with a ferry which transports newcomers to the island, and residents off the isla
nd. The island is of course on the river Tzan. The Ylanthlin welcome anyone wishing to study magic, and their island contains the best library on the face of the island, along with a variety of mage towers and a small city to support it.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
 The Ylanthlin are lead by a council of seven wise and powerful mages. One of these mages is the chair person, and the face of authority to those who reside on the Ylanthlin isle. He is seen as the political figurehead, but in reality decisions are made
 by the council. Each of the seven would perhaps have their own tower, devoted to some particular study. One should be the guy who looks over the library too. The Ylanthlin do possess a guard of men with conventional weapons along with a commander of thes
e
 men, but rely mostly on their magical prowess to ensure they remain unmolested by the other clans. They certainly do not have a large army which they commonly wage wars with, and they rely on their magical aptitude to produce items to trade for the neces
s
ities they need. They are not a rich clan nor politically powerful, instead focusing on teaching the art of magic to all who are willing and able to learn. Many Ylanthlin representative are also advisors to powerful people throughout the isle, giving them
 access to valuable information.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I\rquote d say the Ylanthin have the potential of strong political power.  As advisors they have direct influence.  As wielders of magic, they represent a wild card in any equation, since it\rquote 
s not easy to know exactly what their a
bilities will be - most likely only limited to what they are willing to risk.  As for wealth, they have their large libraries, which in this time and age represent incredible wealth.  They just sink their resources into the acquiring and storage of knowle
dge, rather than in horses, houses and silks.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Again, the actual implementation of the clan becomes suspect.  You want 
\endash seven- people in charge of the clans direction?  That is a lot.  If they adapt to the normal clan structure from DR and have rank 10, two rank 9s and 4 rank 8s for the council, then the seven aren\rquote 
t really in charge anymore.  Also, only have to look at Nova Mortavia to see how clans with several head figures actually function (that is, they function badly \endash  Nova agreed on almost nothing).  
\par 
\par Also, I would think that a small island defended by a bunch of rather capable mages would be \endash very- defendable, especially with troops having to cross half the Tzan to reach them.  This should probably be mentioned in the clan makeup.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par With the ferries to the isle destroyed, it is not possible for players to travel to the Ylanthlin isle, perhaps we need a really small town with a ferry, and a representative of the Ylanthlin. Although technically cut off from 
the rest of the world due to the absence of the ferries, some of their powerful mages are able to continue to travel throughout Lu\rquote Tamohr to obtain the goods they need. They would be working on getting the ferry operational. 
\par As you would expect of the Ylanthlin, they have a representative in many places (though no in Cora\rquote Tyl?), to tell people of magic and to send them to the Ylanthlin for training. Ru\rquote 
Psarn is no different, perhaps one of the trainers in the academy is a representative of the Ylanthlin.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 If we let the bandits be a problem the clans need to negotiate, this would make their active presence in Ru\rquote Psarn understandable.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: I think having a small town on the far bank from where the ferries come and go is essenti
al.  How do they survive otherwise?  Also, there has to be some trade to and from the Ylanthlin isle, else how do they survive?  Do they also create their own food and water there, for instance?  A small town could grow just on the fact that it trades wit
h the Ylanthlin, and ferries people to and from them for a price.  It also makes sense that they have wandering reps spreading the word.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Sephites
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The Sephites base their operations on an island off the southern coast of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, called the sanctuary. It is a large isle, with a maintainable population, and it focuses on healing and caring for any and all who need it. It is also the centre of healing for Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, the best healers and healer trainers found on the Sephite isle. They do not attempt to attain riches or power, content with applying the beliefs of their long dead founder Jonaseph.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: I would suggest that the only way to be trained in high spec healer skills is here.  Makes people adventure more for their stuff.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
 The sephites hierarchy is a triumvirate. One person watches over the affairs and needs of the sanctuary. One person watches over the agents of the sephites who ply their trade beyond the island sanctuary, and a third watches over the political si
tuation of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, reporting on things which might influence the operations of the Sephites. The sephites also possess a standing army, and although it is elite it is very small and never used for anything other than protecting its emissaries from briga
ndry. The other clans realize the importance of the Sephites, and although they have each tried to gain control of them in the past, have settled to accept them as a force note to tamper with for their own benefit.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I think we should talk of the Sephite gu
ards, not the sephite army, since an army indicates conquest, and the elite soldiers of the Sephites would be devoted to the protection of the island and the mages.  The Sephites, as the Ylanthin, have power through magic, and their wealth sunk into the l
ibrary (remember, a book before the time of printing presses, was a wrthy gift to a king).}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 [Mark: Three people in charge of a clan again\'85]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I have little idea how well Isfael\rquote 
s sanctuary currently fits with this scena
rio, and if it does fit well then we should open the sanctuary and the sephite clan to the players and explain their machinations. If it is not ready by the time we open, then I suggest that the same pirates who have cut off the mouth of the Tzan river ha
v
e wreaked havoc along the southern coast, no captain willing to risk his ship until the menace has been cleared. This leaves the many agents of the Sephites unable to contact their heirarchy, and has them nervous as to what is to happen. There should of c
ourse be a sephite agent in Ru\rquote Psarn unable to send those needing dire care to the sanctuary for aid. This person should be some type of healer or apothecary and perhaps own a shop in Ru\rquote Psarn.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 With the major trade from and to their Island through the har
bour of the Fists, they would be badly affected by the blockade, and want it ended, very, very much.  So their focus would be on getting the two parties (Fists and Tongues) into a position of reasonable negotiation, using anything from coercion through br
ibery to blackmail.  And this explains why a representative is in Ru\rquote Psarn, buadgering the representatives of the tongues and the Fists.
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f38\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
[Mark: Giving the Fists such a dominating power over the trade of the Sephites is bad \endash  just because the story says that they shouldn\rquote t war doesn\rquote t mean it won\rquote t happen \endash 
 you only have to look at what happened in DR to figure that out.  Oh, my girlfriend noticed just how sexual the Fists and Tongues sounds.  ~grins~
\par 
\par Annnnnyway, as I was saying, Fear and DR warred, were allies, then warred, and Arcana and Dragon were allies pretty much.  Allies and enemies can be anybody in a mud is my point, and giving one clan an upperhand like this is possibly risky.]
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }}