{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid787881288\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent283{\leveltext\'03\'00) ;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b0\i0\f0\fs24\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-283\li283 }{\listname ;}\listid622351539}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid622351539\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Lu\'92Tamohr Clans}{\author Torill}{\operator Robert Houston}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min18}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min18}{\printim\yr1999\mo8\dy20\hr11\min6}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2901}{\nofchars16538}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws20309}{\vern8247}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale75\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Lu\rquote Tamohr Clans
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Wonderful work, to get this out to all, Rob.  Now\'85. As for my comments and questions;
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par The histories of each clan are written in the applicable help files, this is supposed to be a preliminary guide to how the clans act, and how they are made up in the present day.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The fists have their base of operations in the huge city of Cora\rquote 
Lyst on the southern coast. They are a powerful clan, and their dominion stretches for a fair distance in all directions, except of course south. Powerful in military terms they are also powerful when it comes to trade, the highway linking Cora\rquote 
Lyst to Cora\rquote Tyl and sea trade along the coast and up the river Tzan to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan giving the fists of Xlevan much sway in an economics sense. They possess the largest port and Navy (almost the only), whose sole aim is ensuring the safety of trading vessels from piracy, war upon the seas not something that happens. Their patrol
s go as far as Falsta Tandar along the highway to Cora\rquote Tyl. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The fists of Xlevan have grown a lot, even since Xlevan\rquote 
s death. Due to its size, it is difficult to place one leader in charge of all Fist of Xlevan efforts. As a result, t
he fists of Xlevan have two leaders. A commander, in charge of the fists field armies and city guards, and an overseer, who presides over the trading and administration of the fists domain. Beneath the overseer is a council of master merchants, and beneat
h the commander of course are his captains. 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Rob and I discussed the very important question: if the Fists are so strong, why don\rquote t they just take Lu\rquote Tamohr?  Personally, I am against starting with a clan which screams \'93We Rule\'94
 from day one.  So I would s
uggest a little flaw to their dominance, which will affect the ability to travel into their lands as well.  I would like much of the vast lands held by the fists to be very sparsely populated, and difficult.  Swamps, remote hills, barely livable plains an
d
 deserts.  These vast lands are a strain to hold, but they represent a buffer to the Fists heartlands, and for strategic reasons will not be abandoned.  This ties up the resources of the Fists, making them more vulnerable and less of a threat to the other
s, and allows us to build smaller sites - border posts with just a few soldiers and a farm, tiny dreary scattering of mud-huts in the swamps\'85
 and bitter officers trained to the glory of the Fists but placed in what they see as honourless exile guarding a heap of rocks or a mudpond.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 As the lands controlled by the fists of Xlevan are not opened as yet, it is impossible to fully introduce the fists of Xlevan. What I would suggest would be the following:
\par 
\par An emissary sent to Ru\rquote 
Psarn, to search out new followers, but not to conscript them yet. To explain the players inability to join the clan or venture to the territories of the fists I would suggest that when we open, the fists have just instigated a blockade, angered by 
something that the silver tongues have done. So players trying to venture to Cora\rquote Lyst and its territories would reach a line of soldiers, telling them to turn back as they are under orders.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I have a little problem with this blockade, but I expect the rea
son will be clearer by and by.  If there is to be a conflict between the Silver Tongues and the Fists this early in the game (although it fits well with the theme) I want it 1) not to the point of a threat of war breaking out and 2) over a specific and ea
sily solved matter, deadlocked out of reasons of diplomacy and convenience rather than a real conflict.
\par 
\par Why?
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1) \tab}}\pard \qj \fi-283\li283\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnfs24\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta ) }}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin283\itap0 {
\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 If the game starts at the point of where a war can start, we may easily become manipulated into the point where we have to start the war or m
ake an illogic imm decision that there will be no war.  So, the situation on start-up in my point of view has to be firm, stable, conflicts should be visible but not over-powering.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2) \tab}}\pard \qj \fi-283\li283\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnfs24\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxta ) }}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin283\itap0 {
\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I would like to have the option to solve this conflict, and I would lik
e to have that option open for layer participation.  Careful negotiations, some parties with polite mingling, a few exchanges of gifts and concessions\'85
 and the conflict will be solved.  This can take as much time as we like, and be done with the moment the cities are ready to open.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Silver Tongues
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The silver tongues base their operations in Cora\rquote 
Tyl, where they control the islands trade in minerals, ores and metals. Their domain does not stretch very far, encompassing only a variety of mines throughout the Malandrin ranges and a few small towns southwest of Cora\rquote 
Tyl. The Silver Tongues rely on the highway to Cora\rquote Lyst to trade most of their goods, even with Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan which they ship from Cora\rquote 
Lyst. The Silver Tongues are a very rich clan, but do not possess the armies that the fists possess, and have desires on riches rather then conquer. Cora\rquote Tyl is pretty much impregnable which is why no one has successfully conquered it.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The Silver Tongues have a single leader, who is responsible for the guidance of Silver Tongue policy in Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Beneath him is his chancellor who presides over Cora\rquote Tyl, and beneath them a council of master merchants. The Silver Tongues also 
have a commander, and although he does not command armies of the size of the fists, he is still an excellent commander. 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What the Silver Tongues lack in size, they make up in defensability.  The \'93heart\'94 of their power is the very defensible city, with the
 mines close.  They may have to tighten their belts a bit in a siege, but strategists that they are, there are large stores of food within their walls.  This frees larger parts of their troops, in case of an armed conflict, and the terrain they have to de
f
end is while smaller, also one that consistently gives defenders the higher ground, and will make a strategic retreat a battle each step of the way, less than a headless run trying not to be cut off from the capital, as a retreat in the areas of the Fists
 will be.  This way terrain balances might, and keeps the two military powers both in check.
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Cora\rquote 
Tyl is currently opened, but I am unsure as to how it fits with the structure of the Silver Tongue clan. If it is fine with what we want, then the Silver Tongues should be introduced to the players immediately, their structure displayed in Cora\rquote 
Tyl and some of their merchant emissaries sent to places like Ru\rquote Psarn to search out new contracts for the Silver tongues. I am not sure if Cora\rquote 
Tyl is currently ready for this, so what I would suggest is that the silver tongues have closed the gates of Cora\rquote Tyl to all outsiders in anticipation of an attack from the fists. So players can venture toward Cora\rquote Tyl where they see vario
us patrols telling them to turn back and finally the imposing gates of Cora\rquote Tyl.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Personally, I think there isn\rquote t much lacking still in Cora\rquote Tyl.  The council needs to get in place\'85 the rumours of mages work fine with me, so the mobs don\rquote t need to be reprogged\'85
.  Well, perhaps a little - go from directed suspicion to more clean-cut general paranoia, and get the mouse of the Silver Tongue leader into a presentable shape.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: House Seth\rquote o\rquote par
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  This royal house controls almost all of the land to th
e east of the river Tzan and base their rule in the great city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan. The city has many noble houses, as does outside the city, noble houses possessing various amounts of lands and power. Were the entire might of those east of the Tzan to combine
 forces, they would be very formidable, but it is common for minor lords to squabble amongst themselves for land and resources. Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par is the ruling house, and possess an impressive army on their own, but they rely on conscripts from other noble houses for things like wars. The land east of the Tzan is a very rich and beautiful land.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The lands of Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par are ruled by the High Prince, to which all other nobles houses must pay tribute. Beneath the High Prince are his advisors, his merchant council, his Commander and his Administrator who watches over Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan in the High Princes name. Apart from those of the ruling house, are of course the many other houses, each with varying power. There are many subtleties and much intrigue in the game of houses played by the nobles east of the river Tzan.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Need some history here\'85.  What houses, what kind of conflicts\'85 a few examples to set the flavor of the play.  Are these backstabbing nobles in the style of the Medici courts, where all wear
 rings with poiison, or are they romantic highland-lords who bow to an honorable king of the kind of Arthur?  (personally wants the backstabbers, so much more fun\'85 but romanticists are much easier manipulated\'85)  Oh, one thing.  What\rquote 
s the weather here?  This has a bearing on costumes and ways of living.  If it keeps snowing (please, can we lose that) outdoors parties and flowing silks just isn\rquote t it\'85..  
\par 
\par   And boys\'85while I remember\'85 Don\rquote t make me SCREAM this.  I want female leaders!  Some of all these clanl
eaders and commanders should be women.  OK, so cyberspace is mainly staffed with men.  But the best RP-ers are women.  And the RP picks up a lot in environments with a good mixture.  AND we can only get that if we don\rquote 
t make the girls fight stupid RL prejudices as well as the general clamber for the top.  Make the chars on top female.  Let women be famous commanders, warriors, strategists, merchants, mages.  Don\rquote 
t worry, the boys will take care of themselves, they always do.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Once again we do not have their capital, or even any lands east of the Tzan for players to venture to. To explain this I suggest the following:
\par 
\par There are three ways to get to the east of the Tzan, they are:
\par 
\par Go around the north edge of the river Tzan, which starts in the mountains. I suggest for this that the pass is blocked, due to an earthquake or something, making travel impossible. 
\par 
\par Cross the River Tzan. There are a couple of ferries which offer travel across the river tzan. The first is close to Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan, and I would suggest that this ferry is being repaired and is not open for operation. The second ferry would be between the Ylanthlin isle and each bank of the river Tzan. This ferry I suggest has bee
n sunk by pirates, who have taken control of the mouth of the Tzan river with the fists busy planning for war, thus cutting off trade along the Tzan. 
\par 
\par The pirates of course account for the third possible way to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan too.
\par 
\par This leaves the nobility 
cut off from trade, but they are easily able to survive, their rich farmlands able to maintain them. They have no wish to interfere with the possible war between the fists and the Silver Tongues, and settle down to bicker amongst themselves. I would sugge
st there is a noble lord of some rank in Ru\rquote Psarn, trapped west of the Tzan with the ferries not working. He would be staying in the plush inn in Ru\rquote Psarn. Why Ru\rquote 
Psarn? Because it is the closest town of any size to the ferry which will take him back to his
 lands. He would speak to the players on the goings on of the courts east of the Tzan, we would have to make careful note of the storyline devised here, to ensure we are consistent. He would send his servants out to see if the ferry was working yet quite 
regularly, and people would come to know him as that noble guy.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Again, I don\rquote t like to have players entering the world at the brink of war.  The pass being closed is fine.  The bandits are OK, they might even be a somewhat more permanent feature than just 
through this situation - to have the river constantly threatened by bandits might make sense if it runs through fairly desolate areas and it is a border region, not really under the jurisdiction of either group (rob Seth\rquote Opar\'85
 flee to the protection of the Ylanthin\'85 rob the Ylanthin\'85 flee to the protection of the Fists\'85) and no unity and cooperation between the clans controlling territory.
\par Actually, I would not mind having the bandit situation something which needs to be resolved between the three clans, and a reason for all of them to have representatives in Ru\rquote Psarn.  Oh, BTW\'85
 not many posh inns.. the poshest one is sadly lacking for the poor representative from the peak of civilisation\'85..
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Ylanthlin
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The Ylanthlin control an island which is
 the base of their operations and a small town (on each bank of the river) with a ferry which transports newcomers to the island, and residents off the island. The island is of course on the river Tzan. The Ylanthlin welcome anyone wishing to study magic,
 and their island contains the best library on the face of the island, along with a variety of mage towers and a small city to support it.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The Ylanthlin are lead by a council of seven wise and powerful mages. One of these mages is the 
chair person, and the face of authority to those who reside on the Ylanthlin isle. He is seen as the political figurehead, but in reality decisions are made by the council. Each of the seven would perhaps have their own tower, devoted to some particular s
t
udy. One should be the guy who looks over the library too. The Ylanthlin do possess a guard of men with conventional weapons along with a commander of these men, but rely mostly on their magical prowess to ensure they remain unmolested by the other clans.
 
They certainly do not have a large army which they commonly wage wars with, and they rely on their magical aptitude to produce items to trade for the necessities they need. They are not a rich clan nor politically powerful, instead focusing on teaching th
e art of magic to all who are willing and able to learn. Many Ylanthlin representative are also advisors to powerful people throughout the isle, giving them access to valuable information.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I\rquote d say the Ylanthin have the potential of strong political power.  As advisors they have direct influence.  As wielders of magic, they represent a wild card in any equation, since it\rquote 
s not easy to know exactly what their abilities will be - most likely only limited to what they are willing to risk.  As for wealth, they h
ave their large libraries, which in this time and age represent incredible wealth.  They just sink their resources into the acquiring and storage of knowledge, rather than in horses, houses and silks.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par With the ferr
ies to the isle destroyed, it is not possible for players to travel to the Ylanthlin isle, perhaps we need a really small town with a ferry, and a representative of the Ylanthlin. Although technically cut off from the rest of the world due to the absence 
of the ferries, some of their powerful mages are able to continue to travel throughout Lu\rquote Tamohr to obtain the goods they need. They would be working on getting the ferry operational. 
\par As you would expect of the Ylanthlin, they have a representative in many places (though no in Cora\rquote Tyl?), to tell people of magic and to send them to the Ylanthlin for training. Ru\rquote 
Psarn is no different, perhaps one of the trainers in the academy is a representative of the Ylanthlin.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 If we let the bandits be a problem the clans need to negotiate, this would make their active presence in Ru\rquote Psarn understandable.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Name: Sephites
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The Sephites base their operations on an island off the southern coast of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, called the sanctuary. It is a large isle, with a maintainable population, and it focuses on healing and caring for any and all who need it. It is also the centre of healing for Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, the best healers and healer trainers found on the Sephite isle. They do not attempt to attain riches or power, content with applying the beliefs of their long dead founder Jonaseph.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The sephites hierarchy is a triumvirate. One person watches over the affairs and needs of the sanctuary. One person watches over the ag
ents of the sephites who ply their trade beyond the island sanctuary, and a third watches over the political situation of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, reporting on things which might influence the operations of the Sephites. The sephites also possess a standing army, and al
though it is elite it is very small and never used for anything other than protecting its emissaries from brigandry. The other clans realize the importance of the Sephites, and although they have each tried to gain control of them in the past, have settle
d to accept them as a force note to tamper with for their own benefit.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I think we should talk of the Sephite guards, not the sephite army, since an army indicates conquest, and the elite soldiers of the Sephites would be devoted to the protection of the is
land and the mages.  The Sephites, as the Ylanthin, have power through magic, and their wealth sunk into the library (remember, a book before the time of printing presses, was a worthy gift to a king).}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 What they are up to when the mud opens:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 I have little idea how well Isfael\rquote 
s sanctuary currently fits with this scenario, and if it does fit well then we should open the sanctuary and the sephite clan to the players and explain their machinations. If it is not ready by the time we open, then I suggest that t
he same pirates who have cut off the mouth of the Tzan river have wreaked havoc along the southern coast, no captain willing to risk his ship until the menace has been cleared. This leaves the many agents of the Sephites unable to contact their heirarchy,
 and has them nervous as to what is to happen. There should of course be a sephite agent in Ru\rquote 
Psarn unable to send those needing dire care to the sanctuary for aid. This person should be some type of healer or apothecary and perhaps own a shop in Ru\rquote Psarn.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
With the major trade from and to their Island through the harbour of the Fists, they would be badly affected by the blockade, and want it ended, very, very much.  So their focus would be on getting the two parties (Fists and Tongues) into a position of 
reasonable negotiation, using anything from coercion through bribery to blackmail.  And this explains why a representative is in Ru\rquote Psarn, badgering the representatives of the tongues and the Fists.}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par This is a little jumbled I know, but I wanted to get it up quickly as it is quite important. We can work on areas such as Cora\rquote 
Tyl and the Sanctuary after we open to get them up and running in perfect order if they still require some finishing touches before we are ready to open, that should not be a concern. W
e must be careful though, for if some clans are fully accessible to others and some aren\rquote 
t there will be an amount of bias towards those clans perhaps. I personally would like to see all the clans available to the players at the same time, but this is a very difficult ask given the magnitude of the work remaining to do on areas alone.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I agree on the importance and the need for caution.  I\rquote d say that we don\rquote t have any clan leaders present in Ru\rquote Psarn, only representatives for the clans, perhaps later to be installed as NPC
\rquote s in the different clan areas.  This way no clans are accessible - or all are, in the same manner.
\par 
\par And as I have outlined through the document, the different problems indicate
d by Rob make the bases of excellent reasons for why there will be such a gathering, while the clan heartlands and leaders (to whom a new player must swear fealty) are not available.
\par 
\par Once again\'85 Good job Rob, hope you don\rquote t mind my opinions on it
\par *smiles*
\par 
\par Next step then will be the building of the cities, which will have to happen slower or with more people working than the building of Ru\rquote Psarn has seen.  I will not be around as much to keep Verrin dahlin\rquote 
 company (which of course will lower his efficiency since the pleasure of building will be quite lost\'85), but I can build on my version of Strive, on the lap-top which I will be carrying with me\'85 which means 1) I can\rquote 
t have a central character yet 2) I can\rquote t take on my part of RP guidance until november 3) I\rquote ll have time to build offline.
\par 
\par These were the comments of the Norwegian Jury
\par Until next time
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\cf6\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Fiory
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }}