{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f58\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f60\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f61\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f62\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f63\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f64\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 
page number;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\keep\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs15\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult1
\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 header;}{\s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}}{\info
{\title Cvin Empire}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min13}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min13}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords405}{\nofchars2314}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Founded by the great commander Mecarro, Ru\rquote 
Psarn has a long history. Content with his achievements in pulling down the crumbling Cvin empire, and unable (or unwilling) to compete in the
 newly created political environ, Mecarro returned to the valley of Enamareth. A large number of loyal followers joined him, wishing to remain with their trusted leader.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par At the mouth of the Enamareth valley, with a view over the Ru\rquote Psarn plains, Mecarro s
et up his estates, settling with his men. He built not a manor, but a garrison, and his troops became a mercenary troop. For the next 20 years, he led his men on campaigns for the highest bidder. And those who could afford to hire Mecarro\rquote 
s Ravens were almost guaranteed to win - to the point that several disputes were settled peacefully once he showed up at the battlefield.
\par 
\par The men of his troops brought home their women and children to the place they soon spoke of only as Ru\rquote Psarn. And so the town grew, a 
variety of crafts developing to support the Ravens and their families. The mercenaries were successful, and much wealth flowed into the town, but soon enough back into the land again by way of the pockets of the mercenary soldiers. Ru\rquote 
Psarn had little to offer but a fertile farmland, and apart from the mercenaries, there was little wealth in the area.
\par 
\par Upon Mecarro\rquote s death, the Ravens disbanded and many of his troops sought their fortune elsewhere. Others remained in the established township, considering it their home. Mecarro\rquote 
s oldest daughter founded an academy for the training of soldiers, one which became famous throughout Lu\rquote Tamohr. Ru\rquote Psarn grew slowly, and remained well protected over the next three hundred or so years leading up to the Coming.
\par 
\par Mecarro\rquote s line, to all knowledge, died out during the Madness thrown upon the world by the discovery of magic. With the last of Mecarro\rquote s line dead, the academy was without a clear leader; the academy was the main feature of Ru\rquote 
Psarn to date, and the leader of the academy had taken care of the town. Now that the town had greater concerns, and a new leader was needed, the people of the town elected the first Psarn Warder.
\par 
\par The role of the Psarn Warder is to act as a chosen leader ensuring the preservation of the Psarn way of life. This includes maintaining the town\rquote 
s guard, dealing with crime, trade and outside influence. Due to its relative isolation from the major centers and its lack of any true wealth, Ru\rquote Psarn has never been the target of any ambitious clan. 
Its academy though well known throughout the land prides its self on its variety, but nowadays lacks the edge it once had. Being a place to start one\rquote s training, rather then a place where the most specialised of training can be found.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}