{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid238448269}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid896013542}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1285506200}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 
\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1752041768}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3
\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1759212391}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid2066483597}{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid2095399515}}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid2095399515\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1285506200\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid896013542\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid2066483597\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid238448269
\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid1752041768\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid1759212391\listoverridecount0\ls7}}{\info{\title The issue of death on Lu\'92Tamohr}{\author robertho}{\operator Robert Houston}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min49}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min49}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1424}{\nofchars8121}{\*\company Genasys Systems}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 The issue of death on Lu\rquote Tamohr
\par 
\par 
\par There are a few key points that we must consider when devising a system for death on Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Realism

\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
In creating a system that we expect players to be able to role-play satisfactorily it must tie in with the world we have created and the ideas we have developed.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Playability
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 As with any mud, death and dying can often be a difficult and ambiguous part 
of mud life. It is best to devise a system by which players do not lose their characters permanently upon dying within the mud. At the same time death still needs to be seen as a negative thing, so penalties should apply. It is important that these penalt
ies help to dissuade players from treating death lightly.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par So basically our system needs to fit in with the world, but allow players to continue to use their characters despite dying in various situations. 
\par 
\par At the moment the system is only partially implemented, if that. There is some code in place that when you die you become a \'93ghost\'94 and you can reform at any time. You can also \'93haunt\'94 people whilst you are a ghost.
\par 
\par The whole idea of ghosts and ectoplasm and poltergeists is not an idea that fits with the mud. This document will aim to better describe death on Lu\rquote Tamohr as I see it.
\par 
\par 
\par When you die, your spirit element is separated from the rest of your elemental makeup i.e. your physical self. Whether you die because your head was chopped off, or from poi
son, death is a reaction  which causes your spirit element to become separated from the rest of you because basically your physical self can no longer continue.
\par 
\par Whilst you are only the part of you made up by your spirit element you experience a strange \'93new\'94 world. It\rquote s the same world really, but you can\rquote 
t talk or interact with the living or the dead. You can see the living, but you cant hear them or talk to them or see what they are doing (emotes) you just know there is a living person there in contrast t
o what you are which is not wholly living. You cant use magic, or your skills, you are a pale comparison to your former self. You also cant communicate with other \'93spirits\'94
 except in extreme circumstances through outside intervention. Powerful mages can enter spirit form and setup communication with other spirits, but typically you cant do anything except watch.
\par 
\par On the other side the living cannot see you, except for those with powerful magic able to use that to see your spirit self and in some cases do more then see (e.g. bind your spirit, reform you etc)
\par 
\par 
\par Luckily, thanks to the wonderful advances in magic, if your spirit element is pure enough you can be \'93rebuilt\'94 and restored to life. When I say pure enough there are a number of ways in which the purity of your spirit-element makeup can be affected.

\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
The older you are, the less pure it becomes.  
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Each time you become separated part of your spirit \'93leaks\'94
 out as a side affect of the untangling of the other elements in your body from your spirit element.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
The longer you stay as a spirit the less pure your spirit becomes.
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Over time whilst in spirit form your spirit element is
 drawn or magnetized back into the overall elemental pool. If you are restored quickly this effect if negligible. Once however your entire spirit has succumbed to this effect you are no more. It takes a long time in most cases to go from the stage where y
ou cannot be reformed because of too much impurity in your spirit to the stage where you are no more and it is gradual. You would lose memories etc.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Some powerful magic can damage or restore your spirits purity.
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 This will enable players to eventually repair problems incurred from dying a lot so that they can in affect live on (well lets face it play the same char) for ever.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par Be careful not to confuse the spirit element with our perception of what spirit means. It is a magical element, and in this case 
a very special one in that the amount and way that it is formed can actually create intelligence and the possibility of life. In theory it is possible to create living things if you know how to manipulate the spirit element properly (no one does). Think o
f the makeup of someone\rquote s spirit element to be as complex as DNA however so it is currently impossible to actually create life by magic. But it can be repaired somewhat.
\par 
\par Now, if you are reformed from your spirit back to life, the purity of your spirit will
 affect some things. Initially you will suffer from spirit sickness, a temporary thing that leaves you weak and unable to do much at all. This lasts for a finite amount of time.
\par 
\par Along with this, depending upon how pure your spirit was when you were reformed, you can suffer permanent negative affects such as affects to strength (your spirit element doesn\rquote 
t link up as effectively with the earth elements etc) or other stats. It will be possible to reverse these affects through powerful rejuvinative magic. So 
your spirits purity will basically affect your physical attributes much like age does. If your spirit element is purified these negative affects will disappear.
\par 
\par So, to recap.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls3\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
You die
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls3\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
When you die you become a spirit
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls3\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Whilst a spirit you cant do much
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls3\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
In most cases you attempt to return back to life
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls3\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Depending upon your spirit elements purity you are affected differently by the return
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par 
\par This is basically the system I propose but there are a few IC or role-play implications I have not yet discussed.
\par 
\par With the discovery of magic some 200 years ago, magic has made many advances, none more so then the ability to restore life in some cases. When I say some cases, all pcs can automatically be restored (if their spirit is pure enough) but in theory the
 procedure is not always successful. The magic works by mirroring the spirit element of a person back onto the other elements that made up their person. A body is not needed, the magic relying heavily upon your spirits purity to determine the balance and 
d
esign of the other elements in your makeup. Players should be encouraged to rp dying and returning, I would be happy to see even anxious moments from loved ones a player is being attempted to be reformed as the magic might not work. It should not be rped 
as being always successful.
\par 
\par Only powerful magic users have the ability to perform this, and there are not that many around. It is also a very difficult and exhausting spell to work. As a result of this
, such resurrections are expensive. There will be a resurrection chamber in a few key areas around the world. These will be manned by several initiates who usually search out those who can and wish to be resurrected and summon their spirits to be resurrec
ted by the resident powerful mage. To accommodate this we will likely have some sort of command that players in spirit form can operate to let nearby resurrection chambers know they could use some help. At the moment that command is reform I think.
\par 
\par 
\par When resurrected you appear naked in the resurrection chamber before the mage / initiates who performed the magic. I would like to see a prog made so that someone cant be resurrected until the previous person resurrected has left the room so we don
\rquote t have awkwar
d double ups where multiple people are transferred in naked and expected to do some crappy rp. Recently resurrected people should then be offered a plain robe and ushered out of the chamber (you should be able to re enter these chambers to stop abuse and 
to give the master mage better concentration ) where the next stage of resurrection is undergone. The payment.
\par 
\par If you cannot afford the price of resurrection at the time of your resurrection your equipment is confiscated until you can come up with the mone
y. A second master mage has kindly summoned your dead body (equipment attached) using various magical information. If you pay this mage then you are able to get all your things and re-clothe yourself in one of the booths provided.
\par 
\par There will be a couple of problems associated with where people are resurrected. There are a couple of options:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls4\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Allow the pc to choose where by setting a resurrection point
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Probably the best option, perhaps they have to pay gold for an examination by the master magician who places you on file so to speak.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls5\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Make the location random, depending on which ones are available and which ones are in use.
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Only problem I see is if the chamber is in an area controlled and guarded by one clan, an enemy of that clan may have trouble getting away safely.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls6\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Let the player choose which one to try to go to while they are dead.
\par }\pard \qj \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 Only problem I see is players using this as a free teleport around the world. Pretty drastic though to die for it }{\fs24\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL
 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par 
\par So to sum up the rp angle:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls7\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
Slain in battle or by vicious poison your spirit is separated from the rest of you.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls7\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
You travel the world as only spirit until you can get lucky and get resurrected.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls7\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
A grand mage attempts to resurrect you and if successful you appear naked in a chamber where you are given a robe and ushered out to make payment.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls7\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
If you can\rquote t pay, your equipment is confiscated until you produce the goods. (Luckily there is a bank on hand to make withdrawals from!)
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls7\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\fs24 
If you do pay you get your things back and are directed to a small booth where you can re-clothe yourself.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par Your loved ones having seen you die will have rushed to the appropriate master mage and begged for them to resur
rect you. When they learn you are successfully resurrected both you and they are quite relieved, you have heard that it has failed before. Those who wish to rp not making it are encouraged to do so (but they lose their characters of course).
\par 
\par Well this is my view, if I have not explained a detail let me know. Obviously I haven\rquote t thought of all the possibilities at this stage, this is designed to hopefully arrest some of the misconceptions about death. 
\par 
\par If you disagree with this then please let me know how you think it should be.
\par 
\par This isn\rquote t the be all and end all.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}