{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Help Geography}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min52}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy23\hr2\min1}{\version4}{\edmins38}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1038}{\nofchars5921}
{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws7271}{\vern8247}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Help Geography
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Lu\rquote Tamohr is a large island continent, and is the home of our created races. Running from east to west along the top of the island \endash  cutting off some of the land to the north from the rest of the island \endash 
 is the mighty Malandrin mountain range. Situated in northwest at the base of these mountains is the Silver Tongue city of Cora\rquote Tyl. A large highway stretches southwards towards the far away coastline and the city of Cora\rquote 
Lyst. This highway passes through the largest forest on the island, Falsta Tandar, a notorious hideout of various bandits.
\par 
\par Much of central Lu\rquote Tamohr is plains, with the odd smaller forest here and there. Ru\rquote Psarn is located close to the centre of these plains. East of Ru\rquote Psarn the mighty  Tzan river cuts off about a third o
f the island, stretching from the mountains to the north to the distant sea. East of the Tzan is primarily controlled by the Seth\rquote o\rquote par clan, and it is a rich and fertile land, not that the rest of the island is desolate. 
\par 
\par In the centre of the Tzan River,
 about halfway along the Tzan is a large island, which the Ylanthlin mages have made their home. There are a few coastal towns along the southern coast, and a large swamp close to the centre of the southern coastline between the Tzan rivers end and Cora
\rquote Lyst.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Cora\rquote Lyst
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Situated on the southern coastline of Lu\rquote Tamohr, Cora\rquote Lyst is easily the largest city on the island. Much of the city is walled, but some of the city has spilled out past the walls, the population growing beyond expectations. Cora\rquote 
Lyst easily possess\rquote  the largest port on the island, but travel by sea is not an easy occupation. No other continents have been successfully discovered for example, and is there is certainly no trade with any. The only real reason for Cora\rquote 
Lyst\rquote s navy is to protect trading vessels  sail along the coastline and up the river Tzan to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan from piracy.
\par 
\par The city proper is divided up into many sections, a merchant section, where the rich and influential figures live; a military section, where the many guards and 
armsmen of the Fists of Xlevan reside; a residential section, where most ordinary people live and trade a poor section, which spills onto the docks and is home to a variety of cheap inns, brothels and warehousing, an outer city section which is the result
 of over-population and an inner city section which is home to the government of Cora\rquote Lyst
\par 
\par Cora\rquote Lyst is the capital of the Fists of Xlevan\rquote s domain.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Cora\rquote Tyl
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Called often the man-made mountain, the fortress city of Cora'Tyl is a
\par monument to the stubbornness of the Malandrin race.  Its walls have never
\par been breached by neither armies nor elements in all its long history.  It
\par sports defenses from the time of its fortification by Seranthin, and the
\par origin of the Silver Tongues, that are the envy of cities the world over and
\par bane of those that would see the city brought down, thirty foot thick walls,
\par an entire outer city lined with murder holes and archers turrets, a number
\par of retractable plates over pits and the masterpiece of the city, a pair of
\par twin doors at the southern end of the city that when opened cause enough
\par rubble to fall to seal the city gates until times end. 
\par 
\par As a result of the city being carved from the granite of the mighty
\par Malandrin mountain range, the city is fairly small upon the ground, yet
\par rises high into the air, consisting of many levels, raised walkways and the
\par like.  The main income is from the mines in the mountain side, the main
\par source of employment for the citizens of Cora'Tyl.  Mining is lucrative, and
\par ensures that the wealthy of Cora'Tyl enjoy their fair share of opulence,
\par reflected by the beautiful arcades and porticos of the southern parts of the
\par city, all worked in elegant stone.  The merchant quarter, the homes of those
\par that trade within the city, is found the southeast corner of the city, and
\par is the location of the majority of the wealthier trades in Cora'Tyl.
\par Anything else sought can likely be found in the market in the northeast
\par quarter, many travellers bringing their goods for sale.  The northern half
\par of the city hides under the mountainside, living in almost eternal shadow,
\par and provides a home for less affluent citizens of Cora'Tyl.  Rumours are
\par constantly arising regarding things witnessed in the slums, and is generally
\par avoided by any who do not live there. 
\par 
\par The majority of those living within Cora'Tyl are Malandrin, the race
\par remaining dominant in the city for the centuries since its construction, the
\par slaves of the city, being Jlen have since become a part of the cities
\par culture, both races are very protective of their city and culture and so the
\par other peoples of Lu'Tamohr have become are distrusted in by the folk of
\par Cora'Tyl.  The Malandrin generally place trust in their own hands, and their
\par tools, living and breathing hard work.  They are untrusting of magic, and
\par consider it and any who wield it a risk, to be shunned it possible.  Those
\par who practice the arts within the walls of Cora'Tyl generally do so quite
\par quietly, for fear of earning the attention of the city.  Rumour exists of
\par guards dragging away those found practising dark arts within Cora'Tyl.
\par 
\par 
\par Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan
\par 
\par The beautiful capital of House Seth\rquote o\rquote par\rquote s domain, Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan is easily the most breathtaking city on the Island. Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan is walled, and rests on the eastern bank of the mighty Tzan river. Home to most of the Seth\rquote o\rquote par nobility, Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan is a center for trade and politics east of the river. 
\par 
\par 
\par Eastern Lu\rquote Tamohr, 
\par 
\par Most of the land east of the Tzan river is made up of plains, with the odd forest. The lands are rich for crops, the soil fertile and as a r
esult many farms and wealthy estates are scattered throughout the countryside. Most of this land recognises House Seth\rquote o\rquote par as sovereign, paying tribute to the ruling house.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par El\rquote Cvin Settlements, 
\par 
\par In the western wilds close to Falsta Tandar, the commun
ities founded by the fleeing Cvin of the long lost Cvin Empire still exist today. Existing deep within the wilds, much of the housing is based upon making use of the trees themselves, either hollowing them out, or building up amongst their branches.

\par 
\par In ge
neral these settlements trade amongst each other and are cut off from the outside world, however occasionally they have been known to trade with merchants. Typically these settlements are governed locally by a council of elders who look out for the best i
nterests of the settlement. Some city dwelling folk might think that these settlements are quite primitive in their approach to life.
\par 
\par Ylanthlin Isle,
\par 
\par Although a small island, the Ylanthlin isle is home to a bustling community. Having grown over the years, the isle is home to not only aspiring or talented wizards, but their families as well. 
Trainees and teachers alike share lodging in the central tower on the island, and a community spreads out around it. Not exactly a bustling city, but not primitive either.
\par 
\par Sanctuary
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par The island home of the Sephite clan, this place of resting is designed to help people forget their troubles and everyday pressures. A simple community priding itself more on unity then on personal possessions, the sanctuary closes its gates on no one. 

\par 
\par Central Plains
\par 
\par Generally ruled locally by councils or sometimes they are small baronies. 
\par 
\par Falsta Tandar
\par 
\par Home of the legendary bandit group, a dangerous and often daunting place for the common man to tread.
\par 
\par 
\par Nethran Swamps
\par 
\par No towns or communities exist within the swamps, though perhaps the occasional hermit strangely makes his home their.
\par 
\par Western Wilds
\par 
\par Beyond the El\rquote Cvin settlements there are almost no communities, these isolated regions the home of forest dwelling denizens only.
\par }}