{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Help Geography}
{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy24\hr11\min56}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy24\hr13\min11}{\version6}{\edmins52}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1348}{\nofchars7684}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 I\rquote 
ve drawn up a map showing the regions which each clan controls and marked on a couple of other areas of influence on the island. This document is designed to explain the political and social structures of the regions on the map.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par They control the land marked in red on the regional map. This includes the city of Cora\rquote Lyst and a large area of wasteland / mountains to the west of the city. They also control a fair amount of land to the north and east, which 
consists mainly of farmland and small communities.
\par 
\par This region is mainly populated by Rehan, especially the farmland. The city of course has a large mixture, including a lot of Jlen and Immolean who make good sailors. There is no slavery in fist controlle
d areas, but the fists do place taxes upon the land they control. In return for the taxes paid the fists provide protection to even the most outlying of communities, with guards stationed in even small towns to protect against banditry and of course to im
pose fist law.
\par 
\par As for weaponry and armour, the only soldiers in this region are those who are loyal to the fists or the occasional mercenary. What a soldier wears in terms of weaponry and armour depends upon his/her rank within the fists. See the CoraLyst 
document for more details on this.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Silver Tongues
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par The region marked in blue is the region ruled by the Silver Tongues. Despite possessing the resources (though perhaps not in terms of manpower) to control more actual land then they do, most of the land 
about them is not particularly valuable for what the Silver Tongues desire. On top of the land marked in blue, they of course control a series of mines deep beneath the mountains and these are the true source of the Silver Tongues wealth.
\par 
\par Malandrin who wo
rk the mines along with Jlen slaves largely populate this region. The others races also have a presence here, but having said that magic is treated very superstitiously by the people of this area and those who can use magic are shunned and often feared.

\par 
\par The Silver Tongues have a few farms around their  main city of Cora\rquote Tyl, but often trade for food with House Seth\rquote o\rquote par or sometimes even the Fists. Cora\rquote 
Tyl is ruled by a merchant council and its sole ambition is profit and power. Their stronghold of Cora\rquote Tyl is all but impenetrable to outside attack. 
\par 
\par As for weaponry and armour, the Silver Tongues military forces double as the city guard and the armour / weapons they wear and wield also depends on rank. The stock unit of the Silver Tongue is the armsman, 
and he/she would wear a light chainmail vest, greaves, an open faced helmet, carry a small metal shield and longsword, axe or mace. They do not possess a large group of archers and would generally hire mercenaries in this position were they in need of suc
h.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {House Seth\rquote o\rquote Par
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Seemingly the House of Seth\rquote o\rquote par controls the largest portion of the island in terms of land. This is not perfectly true. The region marked in yellow is controlled by nobility who recognize the ruling house of Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par. As House Seth\rquote o\rquote par makes its home in Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan it is often unable to police / directly govern all nobles with great ease. In general however this land can be considered loyal to House Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par with regional nobility paying tribute to the ruling house. In the tim
e of war it is quite likely that the nobility would pull together and have quite a large army. This however has never been tested. It is not uncommon for regional nobles to have aspirations of their own\'85 perhaps to even topple the ruling house.
\par 
\par This area is predominately populated by Cvin, but the other races have a face here, especially in Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan. Although House Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par rules the region in name, the laws of this region can change from noble to noble. Some nobles for example keep slaves,
 others do not. Typically each noble controls a portion of land which would have several farms upon it. They are responsible for providing protection for their subjects and in return are paid taxes. Part of these taxes are then paid in tribute to House Se
th\rquote o\rquote par.  The riches / estates of the various regional nobles depends upon what they produce in their area. Some nobles are renowned for the finest wines, others for the finest cloths. 
\par 
\par As for weaponry and armour, this can change pretty often depending on
 each noble and the soldiers rank. The armsman would generally wear an open faced helm, steel toed boots, a chain vest and sleeves, greaves, carry a large wooden shield and longsword. The Chevaliers are generally mounted troops, and would wear a full suit
 
of chainmail, a large metal shield, a closed helmet, a longsword and sometimes a lance depending on region. Honour guards are the generally most elite form of warriors in this region and would wear a full suit of light chainmail, a full metal breastplate,
 a helm with visor, and carry a bastard sword and small shield.
\par 
\par Some nobles have large contingents or archers and are known for their archery skills. This can change from noble to noble.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 El\rquote Cvin Settlements, 
\par }{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par In the western wilds close to Falsta Tandar
, the communities founded by the fleeing Cvin of the long lost Cvin Empire still exist today. Existing deep within the wilds, much of the housing is based upon making use of the trees themselves, either hollowing them out, or building up amongst their bra
nches.
\par 
\par In general these settlements trade amongst each other and are cut off from the outside world, however occasionally they have been known to trade with merchants. Typically these settlements are governed locally by a council of elders who look out for
 the best interests of the settlement. Some city dwelling folk might think that these settlements are quite primitive in their approach to life.
\par 
\par Their fighters are usually hunters or archers, wearing little or no armour and relying on their speed and skill and the use of the forrest terrain to overcome any attackers. Having said this who would attack an El\rquote 
Cvin settlement? Right out near the western wilds, these communities are a long way from the more populated areas and certainly worth little to any power grabbing clan.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Ylanthlin Isle
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Although a small island, the Ylanthlin isle is home to a bustling community. Having grown over the years, the isle is home to not only aspiring or talented wizards, but their families as well. Trainees and teachers alike s
hare lodging in the central tower on the island, and a community spreads out around it. Not exactly a bustling city, but not primitive either.
\par 
\par They are ruled by a council of wise and powerful mages and contain a mixture of all races on the island. They do
 possess a town guard which doubles as an armed force of sorts should they need it. They also have a group of highly trained warders whose job is to protect traveling mages and the Ylanthlin tower itself, the Ylanthlin recognizing that magic alone cannot 
fully protect them.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Sephites
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par The island home of the Sephite clan, this place of resting is designed to help people forget their troubles and everyday pressures. A simple community priding itself more on unity then on personal possessions, the sanctuary closes its gates on no one. 

\par 
\par All races are present here and it is ruled by a counc
il of advisors and ultimately the keeper. They believe in following the path of the great healer Jonaseph and would turn no one away. They do possess a military force of some number and even a captain to organise and lead them. The Honour Guard of the Sep
hites are highly trained (generally in other places like Cora\rquote 
Lyst) and are benefited by the healing magic of the Sephites should they need to go into battle. Primarily though the military wing of the Sephites is for protection against pirates and bandits, 
and to offer protection to travelling dignitaries of the sephite clan. 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {Central Plains
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Generally ruled locally by councils or sometimes they are small baronies. These areas apart from the clans are split up into many different communities, some working 
together, others preferring to stand alone. The equipment / number of guards in an area depends entirely on the resources available for that area. In general guards are only there to stop bandits, and in the case of big troubles mercenaries would be hired
.
\par 
\par This area is mostly populated by Rehan, but with a strong amount of Jlen as well. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {South-Eastern Regions
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par This region is similar to the central plains, run by local councils or small baronies and recognising their own authority and law. The only different perhaps is that many Immloean live in this area, especially close to the sea. Slavery is outlawed.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {Falsta Tandar
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Home of the legendary bandit group, a dangerous and often daunting place for the common man to tread. This is the stronghold of the 
Tandar bandits, and is a community of its own. Attempts to squash this nuisance have failed to date, but generally though lack of real intention and numbers, the Fists and the Silver Tongues having to travel a long way to attempt any real destruction of t
his bandit threat.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {The Coming
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par This site is surrounded in a lot of superstition throughout the entire island. The land is twisted here, and no one lives here, nor does anyone control it. Generally people steer clear of this place, even the Ylanthlin Mages.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {Nethran Swamps
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par No towns or communities exist within the swamps, though perhaps the occasional hermit strangely makes his home their.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {Western Wilds
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Beyond the El\rquote Cvin settlements there are almost no communities, these isolated regions the home of forest and mountain dwelling denizens only.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}