{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Help STORY:}{\author Robert Houston}
{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min22}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min22}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords2265}{\nofchars12911}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws15855}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Island Name: Lu\rquote Tamohr\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Help STORY:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
Little is remembered about the time before magic. Some say that the disease that plagued the world killed the keepers of lore bar a select few, and it was these few who reshaped a desolate world. Others believe that th
eir gods were angry, striking out to cripple humanity out of some perverse need. Regardless of these beliefs the discovery - if you can call it that - of magic impacted greatly upon the lives of the people then, and the people now. The magic was always th
ere, but learning how to use it, that was a turning point in civilisation as it is recognised today.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Magic does not rule the world, people do, but magic did change the world. The }{\i\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 gathering  }{
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 or the }{\i\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 coming }{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 as it is now known saw the five elements which give 
everything being come together in a devastating combination. Over the years the presence of (sickness name) has ebbed from humanity, and is no longer a concern, cures have indeed been found. But in the beginning this was not the case, thousands died, citi
es burned, empires toppled and from them new ones arose.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
The world is made up of several nations, and it is vast. Most continents are monopolised by one ruling power; there are some however, like Lu\rquote Tamohr that are not. Lu\rquote Tamohr is the southern most land 
mass in the world and its south western point is reminiscent of such, the foreboding ranges of the ice cliffs a fantastic sight to many an eye. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Lu\rquote Tamohr was shaped in those dark days by the strong willed, and many of the traits obvious in society today 
 can be directly traced back to some significant historical figureheads. The most prominent is the way of the healer Jonaseph \'93the pure\'94 who\rquote s way is the way peace and healing and who\rquote s hand helped shape the future of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Today his influence upon Lu\rquote Tamohr is depicted by (clan name) who are his self-proclaimed devoted followers, dedicating themselves to upholding what they believe would have been his word (See help clan name).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The second figure to rise up from those times was Seranathin, an intelligent man who\rquote 
s family held many riches before the outbreak of the disease. He saw the opportunity to seize key resources, and formed a merchant conclave of sorts. Today his efforts are still obvious, the (clan name) control more then half of Lu\rquote Tamohr\rquote 
s tra
de. Opposing him was Blaenor a warrior and a born leader. He made people believe Sernathin was wronging them and conscripted men to form the (clan name). Things have settled down between the two clans since those feudal days, or have they? (See help clan 
name(s))
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Today (merchant clan) have a strong hold and base in Cora\rquote Tyl and are viewed as the largest trading influence on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Balenor\rquote s descendants have a strong capital in Cora\rquote Lyst, where the rule is strictly militant.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par The fourth clan is that of (Clan Name) who claim they are of the blood. The (clan name) believe their founder and ancestor to be the rightful king and sovereign of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Regardless of the truth of this claim their nobility is indeed recognised in the way they are treated if not openly endorsed. They currently rule the city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan a large and beautiful city in the northwest of the Island on the River (blah).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Lastly is a clan formed by three of the seven survivors of the backlash, two women and one man who survived and h
elped develop magic as it is known today. (See help clan name(s)). Their main goal is the study and development of the manipulation of the elements in practice of the magical arts and it is said that the written libraries they maintain the most comprehens
ive and up to date in the entire world. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par This brings us to present day, what will be your destiny? Perhaps you will join one of the established consortiums and rise to greatness. Maybe you will begin your own clan and eek out an existence. Better still yo
u might become an adventurer, a traveller or a rogue meandering across Lu\rquote Tamohr in search of something only you know.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Help Nations
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Nation1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par They are a spiritual people, divided by religious belief. The emperor rules them but he is a puppet of the collective, a group headed by the various religious sects. They also have discovered magic, if in a different way to Lu\rquote 
Tamohr, it is said they are very powerful in the manipulation of the element of spirit, both for good AND bad.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Nation 2
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Ruled with an iron fist under the armies of the emperor nation 2 is a land rich with minerals. Trade so far has been limited, Lu\rquote 
Tamohr being a long distance away, perhaps a major factor behind them not having movined agressively against it. It is said their Navy is qui
te impressive, but unable to withstand the rigors of sea travel over huge distances. They do not know the use of magic.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Nation 3
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Ruled by a long line of well loved emperors they are the only nation to attempt more then random trade with Lu\rquote Tamohr despit
e the difficulties of travel by sea. Their magical abilities are primitive but developing, mainly from travellers who have taken knowledge of magic from Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Nation 4
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 An anarchy of warring clans and factions. The best way to describe this nation is
 to describe it as tribal, each tribe warring for land and dominion over the resources available. They are far more primitive the any of the other nations, and only a very few have learnt the use of magic.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Perception represents a characters ability to use and understand the
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 complexities of magic and manipulation of the five elements.  It is NOT in
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 ANY way a reflection upon the characters intelligence, wisdom or subsequent
\par characteristics and it is quite feasible for a Malandrin who racially
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 receives -4 to perception to be devious and smart as a merchant in charge of
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 a trading clan in Cora'Tyl.  We have no placed restrictions upon the
\par intelligence of our races mainly as we feel it is up to the players to
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 develop a realistic and fun character to roleplay here on Lu'Tamohr. 
\par Ideally we would LOVE for there to exist people willing to roleplay
\par characters with less then perfect intelligence (ie your stereotypically dumb
\par giant or ogre) but feel it is up to the person creating the character to
\par develop their character in a suitable and appropriate manner in terms of the
\par Lu'Tamohr environment.  So please do not get confused with the idea of the
\par perception characterisitc outlining the intellectual genius of your
\par character, instead it outlines the magical aptitude and awareness of your
\par character.  In general terms Imolean, Cvin and likely El'Cvin are smarter
\par then Malandrin, Rehan and Jlen, but it is not set in stone and it wholy up
\par to the players to roleplay. 
\par 
\par 
\par Strength is a measure of your characters physical powers, such as
\par endurance as well as pure muscle.  It affects things like how much you can
\par carry or how heavy a weapon you can wield.  In general Malandrin are the
\par strongest of the races, whereas the Imolean, Cvin and Jlen are quite weak by
\par comparison due to their smaller stature or more slender builds.  This has
\par developed as the result of evolution on Lu'Tamhor, and it is recognised that
\par race on Lu'Tamohr is a significant attribute when determining the build of
\par your character.  We do not expect that an average Jlen could ever easily out
\par muscle an average Malandrin, but if the Jlen were a well trained knight and
\par the Malandrin an astute scholar it is likely that through some means the
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Jlen might physically best the Malandrin if not by brute strength alone. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 These factors must be taken into account when determining realistic roleplay
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 in the Lu'Tamohr environment.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The constitution characteristic represents things such as your characters
\par hardiness, resistance to blows, and general toughness. The environments
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 of various regions found on Lu'Tamohr have caused the races to evolve in 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 different ways and develop into quite different
\par peoples physically. For example the Malandrin people used to
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 a life of mining and outdoor work have become stronger and more
\par hardy due to the conditions they have been subjected to over the
\par course of history. The Cvin by comparison are more refined in
\par terms of their activities and this is reflected by their reduced 
\par constitution.
\par 
\par 
\par Soon after the advent of the coming as it is now known the magical
\par backlash which caused the elements to collide in devastating combination
\par produced a new and equally frightening menace.  In the initial days, weeks
\par and months of the discovery of the use of magic a terrible illness termed the
\par 'madness' afflicted much of the population of Lu'Tamohr causing many deaths
\par and even more chaos.  The time of madness was a dark time and it was during
\par these dark days that Lu'Tamohr was easily manipulated by the strong willed. 
\par Many of the traits obvious in society today can be directly traced back to some
\par significant historical figureheads.  It was these few who developed the
\par ideals and pretexts of what are known in present day as clans, or bands of
\par people sharing a common beleif, sentiment or goal. Three years after the coming the cure for the madness was finally discovered and things began to return to normal on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr with the exception that now the structure of society had dramatically changed. Division by race was almost non-existant, instead ones affiliation with one of the clan identities was the decisive factor politically on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. The prevalent clans at this time were the:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Silver Tongues
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Ylanthlin
\par Sephites
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Imperial House of Seth\rquote o\rquote par
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Fists of Xlevan
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 See helps on these for more detailed information.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Silver Tongues
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 During the time of madness a man by the name of Seranthin was lucky
\par enough to escape the disease which plagued many.  Of the Malandrin race he
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 was an intelligent man who's family held many riches before the outbreak of
\par the madness.  He saw  the opportunity to seize key resources within
\par Cora'Tyl and formed a merchant conclave of sorts.  During this time he had
\par some opposition from a man by the name of Xlevan who caused quite a stir
\par when he conscripted Jlen slaves into his service to fight for him offering them
\par freedom.  Seranthin was able to fight off his would be conqueror and
\par maintain a stronghold in Cora'Tyl.  Ironically the name of his clan
\par originiated from an insult derived by followers of Xlevan.  It is said that
\par they termed him Seranthin the Silver Tongue, as a testament to his lies and
\par greediness.  Seranthin adopted the name and it became a
\par symbol of his dominion.  Today his efforts are still obvious, the Silver
\par Tongues from their capital in Cora'Tyl controlling more then half of
\par Lu'Tamohrs trade despite the lack of a port.
\par 
\par 
\par Sephites
\par 
\par The Sephites took their name in honor of their founder Jonaseph, whose
\par actions following The Coming inspired many to follow in his footsteps.  Jonaseph
\par was said to be a humble man, wanting only to help those less fortunate then
\par himself.  It is also believed that he was one of the survivors of The Coming
\par having witnessed the events that transpired.  He founded an island
\par sanctuary after developing the cure for The Madn
ess where he built a refuge for the those in need.  Today this sanctuary still exists, maintained by the modern day followers of Jonaseph who have dedicated themselves to following what they believe would have been his word.  Generally healers and caretak
ers by nature there has always been a
\par necessity for the use of soldiers by the clan. The  Sephites have a well recognised if not overly large body of skilled warriors whose duty it is to protect those within the clan unable to defend themselves.  It is a sy
stem that has worked quite well, though there
\par has been little need for any real bloodshed, the other clans recognising the
\par usefulness of the Sephites and not wishing to prevent them from aiding the
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 people.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Ylanthlin
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The three founders and original Ylanthlin mages are supposedly survivors of The Coming. Common belief suggests that only seven of those 
present at The Coming survived, so it is significant that almost half of the survivors banded together to form the Ylanthlin. The Ylanthlin instituted the first schools in the teaching of magic, and under the careful tutelage of the founders, ma
ny gained great aptitude in controlling the magical potentials. It was an exciting time for the Ylanthlin, new discoveries in magic almost daily events, some small and meaningless others large and more complex. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Anyone wishing to study magic was welcomed openly and soon the small village they used as a base of operation was over-cro
wded with a variety of ages and races. All magical practices and studies were openly supported, including even the dark art of necromancy. It is understood that although the study of anything was permitted, the actual practice of some theories was
 forbidden. The Ylanthlin eventually left the small village, moving their studies and practices to an island in the middle of the Tzan river. They erected a tower (some say by magic) and a large community developed populated entirely by m
ages, apprentices, scholars, scribes and their families. The aim of the Ylanthlin is recognised as being the study and development of the manipulation of the elements in the practice of the magical arts.
 It is rumored that the libraries of the Ylanthlin are the most comprehensive of any on Lu\rquote Tamohr.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
Opposing him was Blaenor a warrior and a born leader. He made people believe Sernathin was wronging them and conscripted men to form the (clan name). Things have settled down between the two clans since those feudal days, or have they? (See help clan n
ame(s))
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Today (merchant clan) have a strong hold and base in Cora\rquote Tyl and are viewed as the largest trading influence on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Balenor\rquote s descendants have a strong capital in Cora\rquote Lyst, where the rule is strictly militant.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Xlevan is believed to have been a merchant prior to the onslaught of the madness. He is said to have had a hardened edge, even then, 
and that is likely what helped him do as he did. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Intent on stopping Seranthin\rquote s domination of trade he raised an army, 
telling the people of how they were being wronged. He lead with an iron fist, honouring and respecting deeds of bravery and sacrifice, his men were quickly termed Xlevan\rquote s fists, or the fists of Xlevan. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Somewhere along the line Xlevan realised he could not defeat Seranthin easily who had established himself in the walled city of Cora
\rquote Tyl. Knowing this he marched his followers south gathering more as he continued, many eager to join some sort of group in the troubled times. Eventually he reached the sea and Cora\rquote Lyst which he entered and conquered in the name of his army
. He had walls constructed about the city by those too slow to welcome the new rule,  wary of Sernathins revenge. As the years passed the fists established themselves in Cora\rquote 
Lyst and realising the potential the old merchant side of Xlevan became content with the city and the surrounding province. They worked on cleaning up the streets, and on trade, establishing Cora\rquote Lyst as the largest port on Lu\rquote Tamohr. 
The difference between seranthin and xlevan were eventually resolved. Xlevan\rquote s followers have handed down a chain of command ethic, their military nature of their clan still obvious today, despite the fact they are still merchanty.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The fourth clan is that of (
Clan Name) who claim they are of the blood. The (clan name) believe their founder and ancestor to be the rightful king and sovereign of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Regardless of the truth of this claim their nobility is indeed recognised in the way they are treated if not openly endorsed. They currently rule the city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan a large and beautiful city in the northwest of the Island on the River (blah).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }}