{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Title;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs18 
\additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}}{\info{\title Lu\'92Tamohr Clans}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min24}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min24}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1730}{\nofchars9863}
{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
Exactly two hundred years have passed since the coming, the isle of Lu\rquote Tamohr forever chan
ged. Autumn is upon us, the multi-hued variety of leaves decorating the countryside. Many important things are afoot, not the least of which the death of the Sephites latest Keeper.
\par 
\par Few Keepers die in the protective boundaries the Sanctuary provides, in f
act there has been only three Keepers since Jonaseph himself. There is speculation as to the nature of his death, some say poison, others say suicide, one traveler I heard even said it was a broken heart. Whatever the cause, the Sanctuary is closed and in
 mourning for its fallen leader, a new Keeper must be re-elected before the Sanctuary will reopen. 
\par 
\par What of the other clans? That I can tell you. It seems the Fists of Xlevan have prepared a blockade, preventing any travel into their capital Cora\rquote Lyst to t
he south. Most believe that there is some conflict between them and the Silver Tongues, and that the blockade exists until such conflict has been resolved. As to the nature of the conflict, no one really seems to know, perhaps some land or trade dispute. 
According to the Silver Tongues, their High Chancellor has traveled to Cora\rquote 
Lyst in an attempt to settle the dispute, and of course until he returns issues involving him must be postponed. This effectively cuts off the south, the blockade patrolling all major roads close to Cora\rquote Lyst. Cora\rquote 
Tyl is open, though the guards seem themselves a little edgy, and the Silver Tongues are scarcer then is usual. Perhaps there is to be a war? It has been some time since war has ravaged these lands.
\par 
\par Recent news from the e
ast tells that the mountain pass which traverses from the Western side of the Island over to the Eastern side, going around the mouth of the Tzan river has been destroyed by earthquake. The Silver Tongues have apparently sent some miners to repair or recr
eate the pass, but I am not sure as to the truth of such claims. This leaves the ferry\rquote 
s, two of them in total, with the only passage which can traverse the mighty river Tzan. The northern ferry, which offers passage from a small town somewhere to the east of Ru\rquote 
Psarn is currently being repaired after the ferry master ran it aground one night after drinking more then he should have. The fool is rueing the custom he is losing, but is helpless to do anything but wait, ferry repairs quite time consuming, not to
 mention costly.
\par 
\par The second ferry, which is several days travel south of the first, offers passage from a small town on the western bank of the Tzan river to the mysterious island abode of the Ylanthlin mages. Disaster has befallen this ferry too it seems
, a pirate raid blamed for the sinking of this second ferry. This affectively cuts off the east from the west (not to mention the Ylanthlin too) especially considering that the fists have closed Cora\rquote 
Lyst, which could have offered travel by boat up the river Tzan to the docks of Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan. This cuts of the eastern nobility and the ruling house of Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par until the ferries can be repaired or the blockade lifted. Those east of the Tzan probably haven\rquote t even noticed, too busy with their internal jostling for position and power to worry too much about the outside world at present. 
\par 
\par This pretty much describes how the clans are, a sorry state to be sure, and an unfortunate turn of events which will cut you off traveler from many of the wonders of this great isle. But, not to worry, Ru\rquote 
Psarn is a good beginning. Yes, a beginning.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par When asked what more the old man knows, he laughs softly and walks off away from you. As you attempt to follow you lose him in the crowd of people using the streets of Ru\rquote Psarn. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Criseyde
\par 
\par 
\par What we would like you to play is a fairly esteemed noble lady of the ruling house of Seth\rquote o\rquote par of the eastern nobility. This would put you as rank 7 out of 10 ranks in the clan, quite a high station. You would be quite wealthy, an
d I suggest you have just journied to Cora\rquote 
Tyl on some errand for the High Prince. Securing ore trading agreements seems logical. With the disaster which has befallen the ferries you are stranded on the western side of the isle, unable to return to your es
tates. This has you understandably annoyed.
\par 
\par Your race should be Cvin. You don\rquote t necessarily have to look beautiful or young or old etc, feel free with the description. Just add the silks.
\par 
\par If possible, could you create for yourself some equipment. As a no
ble lady you would have many of the accoutrements of luxury, the silks, the jewelry etc etc. With the ferry down, you refuse to stay in the shoddy inn in the small ferry town and have traveled back to Ru\rquote 
Psarn, the closest town of any note or distinction i
n any direction. You would have a room in most expensive inn (which isnt even to your standards), I am sure Verrin can give you exact directions to it. We as imms will from time to time play your various retainers. I would suggest that when asked where th
ey are, say that you have them checking to see if the ferry is repaired yet, so that you may }{\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 finally}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  return home away from these people and this place.  
\par 
\par Now for some clan background.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  This royal house controls a majority of the land to the east of
 the river Tzan and base their rule in the great city of Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan. The city has many noble houses, as does the surrounding lands, noble houses possessing various amounts of land, riches and power. Were the entire might of those east of the Tzan to comb
ine forces, they would be very formidable, but it is common for minor lords to squabble amongst themselves for land and resources. Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par is the ruling house, and possess an impressive army on their own, but they rely on conscripts from other noble houses for things like wars. The land east of the Tzan is a very rich and beautiful land. Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan is a vastly huge city, and very beautiful. When asked of it, always speak proudly of its construction and of its beauty. There should be a help on Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan up pretty soon, which should help a little more.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The lands of Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par are ruled by the High Prince, to which all other nobles houses must pay tribute. Beneath the High Prince are his advisors who offer him advice on various thi
ngs such as trade, the state of the treasury etc, his battle General, in charge of the city guard and the houses armed forces and his Administrator who watches over Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Dvan in the High Princes name. You would be of rank 7 (lady) which is below all of these, but only just. You would have an estate and some land, and because you are a member of house Seth\rquote o\rquote 
par this would be quite prestigious. Apart from those of the ruling house, are of course the many other houses, each with varying power. There are ma
ny subtleties and much intrigue in the game of houses played by the nobles east of the river Tzan. What this means is that everyone is jostling for position and power through various means. It has not progressed to outright murder, but sabotage of a noble
s claim to fame is not uncommon. 
\par 
\par The common trade items of the east are crops (they have rich farmlands), fine wines, fine arts and various quite ingenious inventions. If this isn\rquote t enough let me know.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Tobler
\par 
\par What we would like you to play tobler is a Captain of the fists of Xlevan. This is a fairly prestigious rank (rank 7 out of 10) in the clan. It is suggested that you and your retinue are on a reconnaisance mission, and are staying in Ru\rquote 
Psarn for an undisclosed time. You have already spoken to the Psarn Warder (who is the leader of Ru\rquote 
Psarn) and your men have been accomodated in the towns barracks, though you have chosen to stay in a nearby inn. From time to time us as imms will play some of your men, but you should not consider yourself a police force in Ru\rquote 
Psarn, merely waiting for a signal from the south, to return back to Cora\rquote Lyst your capital, which your commanders currently have blockaded. The idea is that you are placed here in strategic position, fairly close to Cora\rquote 
Tyl, in case there is to be a war. You should not tell anyone this of course. 
\par 
\par You can be any race, and your description can be your own choosing. Old, young, etc but you should seems a little battle hardened, people don\rquote t make it to captain in the fists of Xlevan without many years of hard work after all.
\par 
\par If possible could you create for yourself some equipment. This should not be plate mail armour, not many people wear it, but you would certainly be armoured and armed. You would have a horse too in the stables, but don\rquote 
t worry about that too much. We will give you some gold at some stage. Verrin should be able to tell you the exact location of the inn close to the city guard barracks where your men are staying. Its close to the stables
 too I believe. You are not unhappy with your task, even though it takes you from your precious Cora\rquote 
Lyst, as you understand its possible importance. It is likely you will be the first into the fray if war is the result of the current negotiations with the Silver Tongues.
\par 
\par Now for some clan background:
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 Domain:}{\fs20  The fists have their base of operations in the huge city of Cora\rquote 
Lyst on the southern coast. They are a powerful clan, and their dominion stretches for a fair distance in all directions, except of course south. Powerful in military terms they are also powerful when it comes to trade, the highway linking Cora\rquote 
Lyst to Cora\rquote Tyl and sea trade along the coast and up the river Tzan to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Dvan giving the fists of Xlevan much sway in an economics sense. T
hey possess the largest port and Navy (almost the only), whose sole aim is ensuring the safety of trading vessels from piracy, war upon the seas not something that happens. Their patrols go as far as Falsta Tandar along the highway to Cora\rquote 
Tyl. Their patrols normally do that is, at present the blockade has them far closer to the capital Cora\rquote Lyst. Also trade by sea has halted, the navy called in until this matter is resolved. Cora\rquote 
Lyst as mentioned is huge, and is a city divided into four quarters. You can quite happily speak of them as quarters too. They are the merchant quarter \endash 
 with all the merchant houses and lords, the military quarter where the barracks and training grounds are, the residential quarter \endash  where most people live and trade, and the poor quarter \endash 
 home of the brothels, taverns and what have you. There is of course the docks area, which is quite large. Cora\rquote Lyst also has a lot of housing outside its front gates, its population growing over the years to spill out beyond the capacity of the c
ity. Look for a help on Cora\rquote Lyst in the near future for some more description on the city.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Political Structure:}{\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  The fists of Xlevan have grown a lot, even since Xlevan\rquote s death. Due to its size, it is difficult to place one leader in charge of all Fist of
 Xlevan efforts. As a result, the fists of Xlevan have two leaders. A High Commander, in charge of the fists field armies and city guards, and a Consul, who presides over the trading and administration of the fists domain. Beneath the Consul is a council 
of master merchants and advisors, and beneath the commander of course are his generals and then people like you, his captains. 
\par 
\par 
\par If you need more information, do not hesitate to ask.
\par 
\par 
\par }}