{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f58\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f60\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f61\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f62\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f63\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f64\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s16\qc \li0\ri0\keep\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs15\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\qj \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 
header;}{\s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title Cvin Empire}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min26}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min26}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords673}{\nofchars3838}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs20 
With the grip of the Cvin empire loosened by inner turmoil, authority began to deteriorate, regional lords squabbling amongst themselves in an attempt to extend their own power. The Great Cvin Empire which had ruled from the western
 banks of the river Tzan to the far edges of the western wilds was weakening. 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 It was during this time that a young boy escaped the \lquote law\rquote 
 visited upon his father and his father\rquote s holdings. Mecarro was forced to flee Ru\rquote Imer with only a few loyal retainers, his arms tutor amongst them. His noble father was executed for \'93treasonous thoughts\'94
, and his wealth confiscated by a Cvin Noble. Mecarro decided early to avenge his father\rquote s death, somehow, but such desires were secondary as he struggled to survive. Under the tutelage of his father\rquote 
s man at arms he excelled quickly in the ways of combat as he and his companions eked out a meager existence.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par Mecarro\rquote s first act was one of banditry, striking at a travelling Cvin nobleman, his wife and escort of three. It w
as as much an act of survival as something more sinister and vengeful, but it was well planned. His first chance to shed blood, Mecarro slew all but one man and the woman himself, seeing her hanged for supposed crimes against his family. He then sold thei
r
 belongings for funding, trying to remain as anonymous as possible. With these funds he was able to quietly hire men to join him on what he envisioned as a bandit group designed to strike at the rich heart of the Cvin nobility for profit as much as reveng
e.
\par 
\par He continued his ways, quite a substantial force building of perhaps 40 men, able to waylay travelers with little or no bloodshed. The nobles hanged, their possessions sold and the survivors told that if their faces were seen again they would be killed.
 News of this bandit group grew as more and more Cvin nobles and dignitaries were reported dead or missing. However his identity remained a secret, and he was thought to be just a simple bandit. Escorts for nobles and emissaries were doubled.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
Mecarro passed through Enamareth aiming to stock up on supplies and determine if there was much nobility in the area to plunder. The people of Enarmareth recognised in Mecarro a vessel for their own vengeance against the Cvin and sent a woman, Ninie to gu
ide Mecarro. Ninie spoke to Mecarro of the plight of the people, and how they yearned for freedom, and Mecarro listened. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs20 Mecarro\rquote 
s first act of rebellion was an attack upon the Cvin garrison at Enamareth, which he freed from Cvin control. Having overthrow
n the Cvin garrison Mecarro was wise enough to expect some kind of retribution and he was not mistaken. Fifteen days later a division of the Cvin army from Cora\rquote 
Caran marched upon the valley rebels. Mecarro had prepared well, teaching basic fighting skills, and setting defenses. He and his followers won the day thanks mainly to Mecarro\rquote 
s skill. Stories of his bravery spread far and wide in a surprisingly short time.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par As his following grew he began to extend his grip on the central plains, raging through the
 nearby garrisons like a fire, freeing the people and land from Cvin dominion. He armed any and all who wished to fight for him. Mecarro soon became as deeply entangled in events and euphoria as much as those who followed him. His aims grew from earlier a
s
pirations of profit and revenge, to bringing down the rule of the Cvin Empire. Soon the rumor grew that he refused nobody, that there were people of all races in his ranks, and that he would fight to end the long, heavy oppression of the Cvin Empire.  Thi
s made more and more swarm to his army, his ranks bulging with willing, new recruits.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\fs20 After many successful conquests including Cora\rquote 
Caran, Mecarro marched his army from Enamareth, driving the Empire before it to Il\rquote Cora\rquote Sentar. The fields surrounding the city were bathed in blood in a ferocious battle, and Mecarro and his army stood victorious. Il\rquote Cora\rquote 
Sentar was burnt to the ground, destroying utterly the most beautiful city ever erected on Lu\rquote Tamohr as a symbol of the e
nd of Cvin rule. The remnants of the once glorious empire fled desperately into the western wilds. The Cvin of the Empire, now in exile in the western wilds were newly labeled the El\rquote 
Cvin, a derogatory adaptation to differentiate them from the peaceful Cvin east of the Tzan river who were not part of the Empire.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 
\par As Lu\rquote Tamohr settled into the new power-patterns, court soon became a dangerous place for Mecarro. Content with his achievements he retired to Enamareth, leaving the governing of the newly freed land to those with the ability to govern.
\par 
\par }}