{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Pre 2000 BC:                   ANCIENTS}
{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min26}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min28}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords3174}{\nofchars18094}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws22220}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\psz1\linex0\headery706\footery706\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 Pre 2000 BC:                   ANCIENTS
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Little fact is known about this period in history.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 It is vaguely understood that the Jlen people
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 lived amongst the Rehan from around 2060 BC having traveled a great
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 distance across the seas to arrive at Lu'Tamohr.  Why they made such a
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 journey is unknown, but it is recognised that the Rehan were the dominant
\par inhabitants of Lu'Tamohr prior to this time.  There are some who believe that
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the ability to use magic existed in the time of the ancients, but most present day
\par historians and scholars do not believe such could be possible.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 2000 - 1800 BC:                REHAN HISTORY
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par The first recordings of the inhabitants of Lu'Tamohr date back to
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 approximately 2000 BC.  It is understood that between 2000 BC and 1800 BC
\par civilisation on Lu'Tamohr was concentrated geographically on the central
\par plains of the island.  The Jlen people lived amongst the generally accepting
\par Rehan freely, and the times were peaceful.  The most common industry was
\par agriculture, and the development of anything more then primitive hunting
\par weapons was non-existent.
\par 
\par 1800 BC:                       IMOLEAN EMERGENCE
\par 
\par The first Imolean folk appeared to the Rehan in the year 1800 BC. 
\par Shocked that a race could live beneath the water the initial reaction of the
\par Rehan and the Jlen was one of fright as they failed to understand the
\par Imolean people.  The Imoleans were persistent however and after several
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 months of tension between the races, the first Imoleans were welcomed into
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the townships of Lu'Tamohr.  It is believed by present day scholars that the
\par ability of the Imolean to understand the Rehan language was something
\par inherently magical.  It is also suggested that the Imoleans possessed their
\par own form of communication which was rendered useless above water.
\par 
\par 1800 - 1650 BC:                IMOLEAN INTEGRATION
\par 
\par Over a period of 150 years more and more Imoleans traveled to the
\par Lu'Tamohr mainland.  They brought to
\par the Rehan stories of their culture and knowledge of other lands beyond
\par Lu'Tamohr.  They were a beautiful and intelligent people and
\par maintained a peaceful way of life which did not conflict with the Rehan or
\par the Jlen.  Despite this, some of the Rehan distrusted the newcomers, feeling
\par that they should not live amongst them.  This problem was never
\par truly addressed, and the two races began to interbreed, their
\par offspring a mixture of Imolean and Rehan blood.  These offspring were if
\par possible an even more beautiful race then the Imoleans before them, being
\par slender of limb and fair of skin but not possessing the water breathing
\par abilities of the Imolean race.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 1650 BC:                       CULTURAL SPLIT
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 The ill feeling harbored by a minority amongst the Rehan people is
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 recorded to have boiled over resulting in several incidents in approximately
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 1650 BC.  The exact nature of these incidents, are not known, but it is
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 believed that the tension created during this time caused the Cultural Split of Lu\rquote Tamohr.  The offspring of the Imolean and the Rehan
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 left the settlements they had called home and moved eastwards across
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Lu'Tamohr toward the fertile lands beyond the Tzan river.  These people
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 named themselves the Cvin which means the \'93new bloods\'94 in the ancient tongue.
\par The majority of the Rehan were upset that the Cvin felt forced into leaving,
\par and all but begged the Imolean (who were also upset at the split) to stay
\par amongst them.  This brought the underlying tension to a head, and it came to
\par pass that a number of the Rehan did not wish to remain if the Imolean
\par were to remain.  These people packed up their belongings and their lives,
\par and took their families away from the townships, north into the
\par mighty Malandrin ranges.
\par 
\par 
\par 1650 - 1000 BC:                AGE OF LEARNING
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 For ov}{\fs24 er 600 years the inhabitants}{\fs24  of Lu'Tamohr }{\fs24 remained divided. }{\fs24 In the central plains }{\fs24 
Rehan, Jlen and Imolean lived together peacefully, content
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 with their existence.  Several more small townships arose as the population
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 increased, but there were far fewer 'half-breeds', the Imolean not wishing a
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 recurrence of what had happened before.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Some of the newer }{\fs24 \lquote half-breed\rquote  }{\fs24 offspring upon learning of the events that had passed
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 headed off east in search of their Cvin brethren, but not all made
\par this journey and conta}{\fs24 ct between the two societies remained non-existe}{\fs24 nt. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Cora'Lyst was founded and due to 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the Imolean influence, sea faring became a useful and important industry on Lu'Tamohr. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Isolated in the mountains those who had moved away from the central plains
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 evolved as an entirely new race.  Initially these people struggled
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 to cope in the harsher climates of the Malandrin foothills, but they
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 survived these perils and worked hard to establish themselves.  The city of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Cora'Tyl arose and the industry of mining was discovered which in turn
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 helped these people to develop an understanding of their terrain.  They
\par named themselves the Malandrin soon after, and took pride in the fact that
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 they of all people were able to survive in this difficult environment.  Over
\par the years Cora'Tyl grew in size and population, and under the edict of the
\par then council of Cora'Tyl they constructed walls about their city, mindful of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 protecting themselves against the outside world. The skill of the mining trade of the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Malandrin grew, as they discovered new ways to find and refine the precious
\par metals buried deep within the mountains. 
\par 
\par Separate from all this and across the river Tzan the Cvin people founded
\par their own community of sorts on the fertile plains of the eastern region of
\par Lu'Tamohr.  Even in the beginning the Cvin record the times as prosperous,
\par the crops of the farmers plentiful and the livestock healthy.  An
\par intellectually gifted people the Cvin experienced explosions in developments
\par for the betterment of their society.  The construction of Il'Cora'Dvan their
\par crowning achievement, and the pride and joy of the Cvin people.  Unaware of
\par the split amongst the Rehan and Malandrin,  the Cvin still remembered
\par how they were not welcome amongst the other peoples, so they kept to
\par themselves.  Largely they were a peace loving people, though some of their
\par discoveries were not so peace inspired.  Many years passed and the Cvin
\par community also grew, and soon many forgot why they lived apart from the
\par others, except that it was best.
\par 
\par 999 BC:                        CVIN UNREST!!!
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 In the year 999 BC a Cvin man by the }{\fs24 name of Rashad spoke out public}{\fs24 ly}{\fs24 , }{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 telling his people  they were better}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 then the others, and }{\fs24  it was their destiny to rule Lu'Tamohr}{\fs24 . Rashad also believed it was the terrible deeds of the Rehan that was forcing}{\fs24 
 them to liv}{\fs24 e in virtual exile on the eastern bank of the river Tzan}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 This misguided
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 version of the truth struck a chord with many of the then young Cvin, and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Rashad\rquote s popularity grew}{\fs24 .  Many of the older Cvin spoke
\par against Rashad, reasoning that if they were in exile then the fertile lands
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 of the region made an interesting prison.}{\fs24  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 This did not quell Rashad\rquote s }{\fs24 virtual preachings,}{\fs24  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 and despite the best efforts of the }{\fs24 councilors}{\fs24  of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Il'Cora'Dvan more the half of the Cvin population once more crossed the Tzan
\par river taking with them weapons and tools unparalleled on Lu'Tamohr.  The
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 rest of the Cvin remained within Il'Cora'Dvan and its surrounds, wishing
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 nothing to do with this conquest, and attempting to return to the lives they
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 were used to living.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 999 - 997 BC:                  ISLE WARS
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 For a period of just over two years, Rashad led his people against the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 unprepared communities in the central plains of Lu'Tamohr.  Lacking anything
\par more then rudimentary weaponry the Rehan, Jlen and Imolean people were
\par easily swept aside by the Cvin.  Cvin rulers were placed regionally amongst
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the townships, their authority quickly recognised. Those slow to adhere to the edicts of their new rulers
 were quickly dealt with, often enslaved and sometimes killed. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 The Jlen were almost entirely enslaved, }{\fs24 slave}{\fs24  labour useful to
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the Cvin in }{\fs24 the continuance of }{\fs24  their conquest}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 The ease with which they conquered Lu'Tamohr pleased Rashad and his people
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 greatly, even the taking of Cora'Lyst a simple matter.  By this time the
\par Cvin were widely spread across the centre of Lu'Tamohr intent on
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 establishing their authority.  When Rashad learnt
\par of the existence of a mountain city he had far fewer warriors at his
\par disposal then previously, but by now he had become complacent, believing
\par little resistance could  possibly be offered.  His complacency cost him
\par his life, and the lives of many others, as the far better prepared Malandrin
\par in their walled city were able to beat off the would be Cvin conquerors. 
\par With Rashad dead, the Cvin decided that their conquest was over and consoled
\par themselves with their already vast achievements.  It was determined Cora'Tyl
\par was too barren a place to conquer anyway and was left to its own devices
\par apart from the new Cvin Empire.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 997 - 450 BC:                  CVIN EMPIRE
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 After being halted by the well prepared Malandrin a central authority was established to govern the newly conquered l
ands.  A leader was elected and named Emperor, and his
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 sovereignty was recognised to extend all the way up until the Malandrin
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 range to the north and west, and the Tzan river to the east.  Many Cvin were
\par granted land and title for their service during the conquest.  Things
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 settled down and over a period of two years the land began to grow used to
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the new imposed rule.  The Cvin concentrated on developing the land to
\par emulate the lands east of the Tzan river and although largely unsuccessful
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 some improvement was made.  Initially the Emperor made his capital in
\par Cora'Lyst as it was the largest of the Rehan townships, however soon it was
\par decided that the emperor needed a more spectacular place to live.  With the
\par use of the many slaves taken during the conquest, construction began of the
\par emperors city to be called Il'Cora'Sentar.  The city took 17 years to
\par construct, and is said to have been the most beautiful city ever built on
\par the isle of Lu'Tamohr.  By this time the sovereignty of the Cvin over the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 other peoples was accepted and little resistance remained to their
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 rule.  Many years passed, and the empire grew more prosperous.
\par A modicum of trade was even established with the Malandrin to the north, though
\par the distrusting Malandrin were quite wary of their Cvin neighbours.  Little
\par or no contact was made between the Cvin to the west of the Tzan and those
\par still to the east, the Cvin to the west happy with their holdings. 
\par Eventually even some of the Rehan people were raised to lords and given
\par lands for their service to the Cvin empire.  The Imolean people were
\par prevented from venturing back beneath the seas, and over time they forgot their
\par origins or even how to return to what they once knew.  The Jlen people were
\par primarily used as slaves and servants, along with some Rehan, and were kept
\par busy by the Emperor, first constructing Il'Cora'Sentar then building roads
\par to link the townships of the new empire. 
\par 
\par Three hundred years of virtual prosperity was interrupted when some of the
\par Cvin began to become discontent with their holdings.  Petty squabbling and
\par minor raids amongst some of the Cvin rulers weakened somewhat the grip held
\par on the region by the emperor.  Over the next hundred or so years things
\par worsened and it was all the emperor could do to maintain any authority
\par amongst his nobles.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 450 - 447 BC:                  REBELLION
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 After over five hundred years of Cvin rule, the now crumbling empire was
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 struggling to maintain its position of authority.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 A Rehan youth named
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Mecarro whose father had recently died leaving him in charge of his land and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 holdings, took the wealth of his house measurable in gold and slaves
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 northwards toward the city of Cora'Tyl.  The Malandrin who had remained
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 indifferent to the fate of Rehan and Cvin alike concerned themselves only
\par with what they stood to gain, and struck a deal with the youth, exchanging
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 weapons, armor and training for the much prized Jlen slaves offered in
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 return.  At the age of sixteen he led a peasant army against a small Cvin
\par holding and overcame it.  Those he freed were more then willing to join his
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 force and the riches confiscated were willingly traded with the Malandrin
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 for weapons and armor.  It was in this manner that the empire created by the
\par Cvin was eventually undermined, a small and poor quality sword in the hands
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 of a youth backed by an army of slaves.  It took over two years for the
\par rebellion to free the lands entirely and all Cvin and even Rehan lords
\par captured during the anarchy were summarily executed.  Many however escaped
\par and these people fled into the dense and wild forests to the west.  The
\par Emperors city of Il'Cora'Sentar was razed to the ground, its beauty
\par destroyed utterly. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 With the slaves freed the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 youth Mecarro, now 19 gathered together well respected members of the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Imolean, Jlen and Rehan alike.  A council was elected to oversee the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 restoration of order and Mecarro established the township of Ru'Psarn as
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 a place where all races are welcomed equally.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 447 BC:                        TREATIES
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 With the Cvin empire all but gone, the new leaders of the townships of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 central Lu'Tamohr decided they must do what they could to prevent something
\par like this happening again.  Ambassadors journeyed east and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 crossed the river Tzan, finding the prosperous and beautiful lands of the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Cvin beyond.  They met with the leaders of the Eastern Cvin and it was agreed 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 that all races would attempt to live together, not separate as had
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 gone before.  This was represented by the signing of the Treaty of Peace and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 subsequently the Treaty of  Trade.  This allowed the Rehan, Jlen and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Imolean people to establish trading activities with the Cvin and later
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 facilitated the means by which Lu\rquote Tamohr became less segregated by race.  Initially the Malandrin refused to sign the Treaty of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Trade believing themselves beyond needing the resources of the
\par others.  After just six years apart however they succumbed adding their
\par accordance to the trade treaty.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 447 - 23 BC:                   AGE OF RECONCILIATION
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 As the years passed after the overturning of the Cvin, the races grew
\par more and more interdependent.  The Malandrin supplying much of the precious
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 mineral resources the Rehan agricultural, and the Cvin producing works of
\par art and tools never before seen.  Surprisingly it was the aptitude of the
\par dexterous Jlen that proved invaluable in this time, as they became known as
\par the best sailors.  Cora'Lyst tripled in size as it became a large port,
\par trading goods with Il'Cora'Dvan. Before long Rehan or Jlen traders were openly welcomed to
\par live in Il'Cora'Dvan amongst the Cvin, and even the Malandrin opened their
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 gates if only slightly.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Meanwhile in the forests to the west, the vanquished servants of the former
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Cvin empire eked out a relatively sparse existence, lamenting at the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 luxurious lifestyle that could no longer be theirs.  They built communities
\par amongst the trees and came to be known as the El'Cvin which means "failed bloods".  Over the course of more then 300 years they changed
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 physically to reflect their environment or perhaps as the result of the
\par Rehan who lived amongst them.  In the beginning the El'Cvin would raid small
\par villages close to the forest for food and resources, but these attacks were
\par minimal, and eventually died out as the El'Cvin became more and more self
\par sufficient within the wilds.  Approximately 370 years after they were first
\par driven from power the El'Cvin were welcomed back amongst the people of the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 plains.  Many El'Cvin chose to remain amongst the forests, but some  returned to the plains, fitting in as best as they could among
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the much changed peoples of the Isle.  El'Cvin became quite sought after for
\par their skill in tracking and abilities as scouts.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 23 - 0 BC:                     TIME OF UNCERTAINTY
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 By 23 BC the Isle of Lu'Tamohr had settled into a steady rhythm, the
\par races separated only by physical appearance, the cultural boundaries barely
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 remembered by the people of the time.  Imolean even lived amongst the
\par Malandrin, their intelligence proving useful in developing new and
\par intriguing mining practices.  It was around this time that things began to
\par happen, unexplainable things that just should not have occurred.  There are
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 written accounts of newborn infants speaking and reading soon out of the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 womb,   tales of women growing facial hair and clothing changing color before
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 ones very eyes.  Many treated this as though it was not happening, though
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 some became heavily involved in seeking out such odd occurrences and
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 recording and studying them.  The more suspicious people locked their doors,
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 and withdrew their children from schooling.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 ***
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Instead of getting better things got decidedly worse houses burning down of their own accord, water 
disappearing from wells that should have been full and eventually people
\par started dying.  Recordings of people on their death bed rising up to dance
\par were countered sourly by tales of healthy young men and women collapsing and
\par dying in the street.  With each new occurrence people became more and more
\par distrusting, and the leaders of the respective townships struggled to
\par control the panicked citizens.  The Malandrin in Cora'Tyl cast out some of
\par the other races, primarily the Imolean who they believed the source of this
\par phenomenon, but they suffered just the same.  For 23 years these strange
\par occurrences continued some studying them in search of answers, others hoping
\par and praying for them to end.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 0:                             THE COMING
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Some of those studying the occurrences believed that each occurrence
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 happened for a reason, others that some higher power pulled the strings for
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 which the mortals were to dance.  Everyone had their own opinion, but no one
\par truly knew the answers.  The then Mayor of Cora'Lyst frightened by unrest in
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 her city and surrounds called for the most knowledgeable and wise to meet to
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 discuss these phenomenon and their solution.  So it came to pass that almost
\par 300 Cvin, Imolean, Rehan, Jlen and a few Malandrin and El'Cvin gathered on
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 the plains away from the cities and towns to try and puzzle out the
\par problem.  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 *** 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 What transpired is believed to have been several experiment
\par suggested by some of the more learned scholars.  Details of what happened
\par next are sketchy at best but it is known that all but 7 of those who
\par journeyed there met untimely ends.  This however paved the way for the
\par unleashing of the elemental potentials, giving the surviving few an
\par understanding of the first rudimentary control of magic.  
\par 
\par 
\par See Also Help Madness
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 0 - 3 AC:                      CLAN FORMATION
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par ***
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Soon after  the Coming as it is now known, the magical
\par backlash which caused the elements to collide in devastating combination
\par produced a new and equally frightening menace.  In the initial days, weeks
\par and months of the discovery of the use of magic a terrible illness termed
\par the 'madness' afflicted much of the population of Lu'Tamohr causing many
\par deaths and even more chaos. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24  Many believed it quite likely the world was
\par about to end and viewed this time as the time of uncertainty getting even
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 worse.  This time of  madness was a dark time and it was during these dark
\par days that Lu'Tamohr was easily manipulated by the strong willed.  Many of
\par the traits obvious in society today can be directly traced back to some
\par significant historical figureheads.  It was these few who developed the
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 ideals and pretexts of what are known in present day as clans, or bands of
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 people sharing a common belief, sentiment or goal.  The clans that arose
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 include the:
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Silver Tongues
\par Ylanthlin
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Sephites
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Imperial House of Seth'o'par
\par Fists of Xlevan
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 See Also Help Madness
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 3 AC:                          THE CURE
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Three years after The Coming the cure for the madness was finally
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 discovered by a man by the name of Jonaseph and a few of his loyal
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 followers.  He bought the cure to each and every city, town and village, and
\par it is written that he could heal a person with the sickness by touch alone. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 He taught as many as were able to learn and in a surprisingly short time the
\par madness waned and finally disappeared from Lu'Tamohr.  Things began to
\par return to normal with the exception that now the structure of society had
\par dramatically changed.  Jonaseph founded an island sanctuary just of the
\par southeastern coast of the Isle, offering it as a place for the sick to come
\par to be cured of their ills.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 3 - 200 AC:                    AGE OF CLANS
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 With things once again set right, a new era began.  Division by race was
\par almost non-existent, instead ones affiliation with one of the clan
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 identities was the decisive factor politically on Lu'Tamohr.  The eastern
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 region beyond the Tzan river was quickly placed under the control of House
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Seth'o'par.  To the north the Silver Tongues governed strictly their domain
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 placing a stranglehold on the trade of precious minerals which eventually
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 forced the Fists of Xlevan to give up their enmity toward the Silver Tongues
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 and try and cooperate toward mutual gain.  Xlevan and his armies became
\par content with governing the city of Cora'Lyst and its surrounds.  Those who
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 followed Jonaspeh and his methods predominately moved to his island
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 sanctuary but some remained to tend to the ill on the mainland.  The
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 Ylanthlin kept mainly to themselves constructing a hidden tower on an island
\par on the river Tzan with their newfound ability in magic.  The Silver Tongues
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 and Xlevan's fists have learned to coexist and both respect the sovereignty
\par of House Seth'o'par in its own right.  Much of the central plains of
\par Lu'Tamohr escaped the dominion of the clans, instead a feudal system
\par developed with small lordships and baronies popping up here and there.  The
\par forest communities also remained largely untouched, the clans unwilling to
\par overextend themselves for such seemingly little gain. 
\par 
\par All the while the art of magic blossomed, new discoveries were made, new
\par skills developed, and new roles identified within society.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24 200 AC:                        Present Day}{
\par }}