{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1044\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1044\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Mail system of Lu'Tamor}{\author Torill Mortensen}
{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min48}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min48}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords262}{\nofchars1499}{\*\company HVO}{\nofcharsws1840}{\vern8247}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1044\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1044\langfenp1033 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Mail system of Lu'Tamor
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par The orderly system of messengers on Lu'Tamohr is a service maintained and administrated by the mayors and leaders of the cities and towns of the Island.  As it is today, it's a professional service available to all, for the deliver
y of messages in a surprisingly short time anywhere on the Island.  It's based on a courier system, where mail passes from hand to hand and is carried on routes, with Cora'???? as the original circle.  Today a network of overlapping circles carry the mail
 from one side of the Island to the other.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
The messenger system of circles was one of the inventions of the Cvin which made it possible for them to take and hold the Island for such a long stretch of time.  It ensured regular and reliable communication fro
m one end of the Cvin Empire to the other.  After the fall of the empire, the council at Cora'???? decided that this could be used as a news-service, and it was set up with a basic training at the bards-schools, giving the messengers a basic understanding
 of how to shape a story, as well as making sure they can all read and write.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
There are rumours of the messengers' connection to the Fists of Xlevan, but if that was ever true, the later years indicate a very different affiliation.  Several attacks on the 
messengers to steal the messages have failed, and the successful ones seem to have been efficiently and immediately revenged.  A rumour that the current manager of the messenger-service, holding the rather indistinct administrative position of commander o
f
 messengers, is Jlen trained holds a double meaning.  The Jlen have the most important bard-schools, but they are also rumoured to have close connections to the grey college, the shadow network offering training in the darker skills like stealth, use of p
oisons and espionage.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  
\par }}