{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1044\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1044\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Mail system of Lu'Tamor}{\author Torill Mortensen}
{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo5\dy7\min41}{\revtim\yr2000\mo5\dy7\min43}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords262}{\nofchars1499}{\*\company HVO}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1044\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1044\langfenp1033 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Mail system of Lu'Tamor
\par 
\par The orderly system of messengers on Lu'Tamohr is a service maintained and administrated by the mayors and leaders of the cities and towns of the Island.  As it is today, it's a professional service available to all, for the delivery of messages in a surpr
isingly short time anywhere on the Island.  It's based on a courier system, where mail passes from hand to hand and is carried on routes.  Today a network of overlapping circles carry the mail from one side of the Island to the other.
\par 
\par The messenger system of circles was one of the inventions of the Cvin which made it possible for them to take and hold the Island for such a long stretch of time.  It ensured regular and reliable communication from one end of the Cvin Emp
ire to the other.  After the fall of the empire, this system was used as a news-service, and it was developed with members receiving  basic training in bard schools, giving the messengers a basic understanding of how to shape a story, 
as well as making sure they can all read and write.
\par 
\par There are rumours of the messengers' connection to the Fists of Xlevan, but if that was ever true, the later years indicate a very different affiliation.  Several attacks on the messengers to steal the m
essages have failed, and the successful ones seem to have been efficiently and immediately revenged.  A rumour that the current manager of the messenger-service, holding the rather indistinct administrative position of commander of messengers, is Jlen tra
ined holds a double meaning.  The Jlen are renowned for their bards, but they are also rumoured to have close connections to the grey college, the shadow network offering training in the darker skills like stealth, use of poisons and espionage.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par  
\par }}