{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}
{\info{\title The Dragons}{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min20}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min20}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1963}{\nofchars11191}{\*\company Unicom}{\nofcharsws13743}
{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale88\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Here are a couple of proposed blurbs for Isrejin, the ice dragon,
 by popular demand. The first is something perhaps only the imms should know, the second something we could probably put on a web page that players could read.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Rated: For imms eyes only
\par }{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par Ice. This describes me well. Crystalline in nature, intricate, networked, interesting, yet numbingly desolate. Embracing a glacier is much like my own embrace, chilled, icy, unfeeling. My breath makes ice itself shiver. My stare is frostier then 
the coldest day. There is no fire so hot that it cannot be chilled. Nothing cannot be glazed with a glassy coating of ice; the air, the trees, even the living.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 So long have I watched the mortals, it can sometimes be interesting. I have my trophies of course, who doesn\rquote t,
 a thousand thousand men, preserved perfectly in cool glistening ice. These are my trophies, most better then any treasure.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The other dragons plot I am sure, I am
 content to watch, play the odd hand, but generally steer clear, leaving the mortals to their lives. Of course one must act if the mortals look to get too ambitious, but there is little chance of that\'85 yet. }{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
I enjoy my isolation and my privacy, content in the knowledge that the other dragons can do little without me knowing. What could they do? The world continues to function, and even if the mortals do have magic n
ow, they will never control or understand it as well as dragonkind. I must watch a bit more closely however, I am not so vain as to think myself invincible, I leave that to the others.
\par }{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 If you ever sought to know my mind you would fail, but I offer this. Mortals who stumble across my path generally don\rquote t 
live too long. Dragons seeking my ear receive a frosty edged greeting if that. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Rated: Players can read
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Isrejin, the ice dragon. Some believe that every dragon is unique, and that no two dragons share the same elemental affinity. I
t is rumoured that the ice dragon (called Isrejin by Rehan folklore, meaning \'93ice demon\'94) is one of the oldest dragons, that is, if dragons actually do exist. It is said its breath is ice, its stare chilling 
death. Understandably stories of this creature are few and far between. Some stories tell of winter descending upon the land at odd times and in odd places, 
perhaps at the whim of this white monster. Little more can be said of this beast except to beware, for if you do see it, you may not live too long.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Here is my proposed perspective on us as Dragons and Dragons in general on Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. The General help is a help every player can access, the knowledgeable player story I would suggest be something only available to a few important eyes within the Ylanthlin community. The imm help is how I believe 
the Dragon aspect of the mud from and immortal and a role-play perspective should work. I have taken into account Torrills earlier document also.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 General Help
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Tales of dragons stem back to the times when only the Rehan inhabited the isle of Lu\rquote 
Tamohr. Ferocious beasts, intent on destruction, dispatching with human life on a whim. It is said that the most fearsome of monsters is the dragon and that a dragons wrath ends only in your demise. These tales are just that
, tales. Over the past 2000 years people have claimed to have seen dragons, but the many have ridiculed these few, dragons dismissed as pure fantasy, children\rquote s and old wives tales not for the faint at heart.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 If dragons ever did exist, they either died out long ago, or spend their lives a long way from the island of Lu\rquote Tamohr.
 The closest creatures to dragons that certainly exist, are the Ximmerin, }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 its tiny graceful shape }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 resembling a dragons shape}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 , and 
the Raug its size and predatory nature ensuring stories of dragons will never die out.}{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Rumoured
\par Fantasy
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Magical
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Stories
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The most knowledgeable story / information a player can get (In book form)
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 There are those who claim there are dragons on Lu'Tamhor, but there are places for such
 people.  The Sanctuary holds some, others live in the slums, as hermits or discreetly hidden by their family. I am one of the lucky ones, the Ylanthlin sponsoring my work on dragonkind. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 It is said they are neither good, nor evil, nor neutral \endash  aligned instead to themselves, the elements and the ages.}{
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081  Whatever the truth of their purpose here in this world, I certainly believe they exist. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Contrary to the bestial images most commonly attributed to dragonkind, i}{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
nformation at hand suggests a much more intelligent, calm and calculated}{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081  brain exists behind a dragons often frightening exterior. This surprising revelation can only add to the necessity to study the existence of 
Dragons and uncover their many secrets.}{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 D
ragons have been reported to have a wide range of shapes.  It might be that the word "dragon" is not suitable, as they are reported to have wings, no wings, four feet, no feet, to be huge towering monsters
, swift flighty shadows, or tiny creatures, the size of a palm. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 One thing that does point toward the existence of dragons is other winged creatures such as the Ximmerin }{
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 which with its tiny graceful shape and the inevitable curiosity easily explains the sightings of the tiny dragons in people's houses.  
The reported speech, intelligence displayed or ability to disappear in thin air would then be hallucination.}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Counter to common belief I do not regard d}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 ragons }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 as 
murderous beasts, I believe they prefer to pick and choose their victims rather then scour the land on some sort of carnivorous hunt. Most}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  stories }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 ending in death }{
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 seem to hold some amount of aggression on the part of the victim}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 . C}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 hasing and cornering somethi}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
ng which was not quite what was}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  thought,}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  then}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  seeing a glitter of white and shooting arrows into it caused }{
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 7 out of a group of 8 hunters in}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  the northern range}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 s}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
 to be killed instantly one winter by something the l}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 one survivor claimed was an ice}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  dragon.  The 7 lost hunters were }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 never found.}{
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Rehan folklore believes that each dragon is unique in the elements it controls and this defines that dragons. It is believed 
that as a result of this very few dragons actually exist, and that sightings over history have actually been the same dragons over and over, each thousands of years old. The Rehan have even given many of these 
dragons names, including Dantra the Wind Dragon, Isrejin the Ice Dragon, and a host of others. I find such a theory or belief difficult to accept, preferring to think an entire race of dragons exists rather then just a handful.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par My }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 conclusion is that the }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 existence of dragons is likely, given that there exists other }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 dragon-like creatures on the island.  This 
can however serve to countermand the statement, since the myth, rumours and tales can spring from fanciful meetings with old, sly and mutated specimens of the general fauna of Lu'Tamohr.}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  }{
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 If they do exist as other than a myth of the realm, they will have to be either very, very rare or intelligent and powerful enough to hide their existence and cover it in a quite magical manner.
\par 
\par Reiech Mokarr, }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 from a paper on the existence of dragons }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Grin, the seven hunters are just one of my many trophies, a pity the eighth escaped but no-dragon is perfect.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Imm help 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 (this includes some of what Fiory wrote)
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 We as immortals must choose a single dragon persona to house our immortal pe
rson. This does not mean we are suddenly ferocious beasts who need to role-play devouring the poor mortals, in fact role-play in TRUE dragon form should be pretty much non-existent. There will perhaps be times when it is necessary 
but think very carefully before you ever appear to players in dragon form. Sightings of dragons within the game will unbalance things as dragons are not supposed to exist. 
This leads to the next aspect of dragons, in order for them and us to interact with the world, dragons are inherently powerful shape-changers and can take any living form the wish. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Whil
st in another form we and all dragons are much more vulnerable depending of course on the form we take. For example should we take the form of a human we are physically as fragil
e as that human form suggests. Of course we still posses a vast amount of magical power which can act to protect us in an instant no matter our form but we must be careful. Grave injury in another form
 causes us to revert to dragon form where our healing p
owers are strongest, and because we can no longer maintain the shape-shift magic. So if you allow yourself to get into a situation were you may be gravely injured, it could be more serious then you think.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Dragons are rare because they rarely mate, and they live for thousands of years, the more powerful the more long lived
 or perhaps vice versa. I would suggest Dantra be at least 200,000 years old, Isrejin something similar. Time as a result is obviously very different to a dragon then it is to a human.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Each Dragon or immortal nee
ds to choose a element or element combination for their dragons to have an affinity to. Mine as Isrejin would be water and air, Dantra\rquote 
s air and so forth. This leads to only a finite number of dragons but I think we have enough possible combinations to sat
isfy. I would suggest the imms are the dragons most powerful in their particular affinity, other dragons would exist (not in great numbers) with similar elemental affinities as the imms, but the most powerful in the various affinities are the imms.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 The magical power of the dragons is unsurpassed, their control over the potentials and the amounts they control 
far higher then a human could ever achieve. I would suggest that there was a time, far in the past when the dragons fought amongst themselves and many dragons were killed, the land horribly scarred. It was resolved by the dragons then to ensure that 
all future generations of dragons do not fight one another. So we would need to co-operate. There would certainly be interaction icly amongst us as drag
ons, we after all can see each other in our dragon forms. There would probably be plots going amongst the dragons too, either for more power, or just some kind of mutually beneficial arrangement. That\rquote s up to us.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Our interaction with the world will be bas
ed upon each dragons personal agenda. Each dragon would have some kind of goal so to speak, whether it be the preservation of nature or a certain area, or whatever. Some dragons in the past have pulled the strings of the worldly rulers with spells of mind
 control, others abducting whole towns to serve them in their hidden homes. Such agendas would be based upon each dragons
 personality and should not be too overbearing on our players. Each immortal will need to run their agenda or goals past the other immortals before employing their plans to ensure 
it is considered ok. Initially I do not think the dragons will play much of a part in the world, even on a hidden level, although there will be a need for dragons (immortals) in a couple of roles to ensure things run smoothly in character wise.
 This will be explained as the need arises. Above all else we cannot reveal this to the players, as Fiory suggested ooc information has an infuriating way of finding its way ic. What would happen would be that players would 
suspect players that seem to get their 
way all the time as being an dragon in human form and things would get unpredictable and likely silly. Although there is no way of guaranteeing this happens, it would be nice to preserve something for us as immortals in terms of an ic inf
luence on the game. If it has too much of an impact on the game it is likely our role-play will have to become only limited to switching and the like which would be unfortunate.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
To be able to manipulate the humans to this end, the dragons spend time spying on them, walking among them in a surprising number of shapes.  Manipulating perception, mass and shape, they can appear as a
nything they like.  They will normally retain some hint of their elemental affinity - perhaps only a touch of colour or their temper.  This should restrict our shape-shifted chars, setting their affinity to the same as the dragon-shapes.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 You can have any number of shape-shifted personas, just clear them by the other immortals first }{\fs24\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 
{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  so we know who you are and what you intend.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Our true dragon form will mainly be used in an ooc sense for administrative purposes. We need to make it clear to the players that they 
don\rquote t see us icly as dragons very often at all. If someone tries to role-play with you when you are in dragon form and your intentions are clearly ooc, make sure you clearly state such to the player.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 Fiory suggests some kind of shape-shift command, which would be cool. It is probably more useful however to have a separate 
character for each shape you shift into. If the shape-shift command could somehow cause us to assume a different character without logging out and in again that would be perfect. 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 E.g. As Isrejin I type shape-shift charx password
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 And it logs me off as Isrejin, logs me on as charx without anyone in the room seeing any messages other then a few choice echo\rquote s 
then that would be cool. Probably too much effort }{\fs24\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}{\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081  
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 As imms too we will not always be playing various shapes of our dragon characters (this is mainly for our own fun!) 
sometimes we will be playing perfectly worldly characters we have switched into to aid and further the role-play of the world. This is fine too, and it would be nice in most of these cases for you to re
port any role-play you do to all the imms, especially those involved with story so we can ensure continuity. It is likely that a single imm will be assigned to a single npc to help avoid confusion and aid continuity of role-play.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081 
\par }}