{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f49\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f50\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f52\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f53\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f54\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f55\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f56\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title Religion on Lu'Tamohr is less a matter of belief in something outside }{\author Robert Houston}{\operator Robert Houston}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min33}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy22\hr15\min47}{\version1}{\edmins14}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1838}
{\nofchars10481}{\*\company Nil}{\nofcharsws12871}{\vern8247}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale91\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {Religion on Lu'Tamohr is less a matter of belief in something outside 
\par yourself than of a way to approach the world about you.  There are 
\par no all-powerful deities, the two major religions both being based 
\par on balance.  The older religion is a druidic belief in the balance 
\par of all things based on the five elements, the Eternal balance.
\par This is the ancient Rehan religion, and the oldest human way of 
\par understanding and translating their environments known at the 
\par Island.  With the coming, the ancient druidic beliefs were twisted
\par by a minor group within the large unity, who claimed that the 
\par elements manipulated by the druids were the magic potentials, and 
\par they developed a way of understanding magic based on the old 
\par beliefs.  This is a much contested interpretation, actively 
\par criticised from  most sides, both the ancient druids and more 
\par scholarly mages.  It is known as the "splinter".
\par  
\par The "new religion", the Path of Twilight, is the Cvin religion, said to
\par originate from the Imolean concept of the contrasts of air and water, 
\par wet and dry, the two universes.  With the Cvin conquest, the dual path 
\par was spread to the rest of Lu'Tamohr.  The simplicity and the freedom 
\par for human influence on nature, rather than nature's control of the 
\par humans, led to it being quickly adopted.  Today it's the leading}{
\par }{religion of Lu'Tamohr, the simple groves of the road-forks having 
\par replaced the ancient druidic groves of the five aspects.
\par  
\par Among the Jlen and the fisher folk of the coast there is a religion 
\par which by some are scoffed at as superstition.  It's the belief of 
\par the thousand deities, the Sati-Tai.  It is a conviction that there 
\par is no such thing as coincidence, all things are the results of the 
\par manipulations of the many varied and rather fickle deities of the 
\par vast pantheon.  Most actions can anger or please some deity, and 
\par there's always a large shrine somewhere in a village to the deity 
\par of unmentioned possibilities, just in case some unknown deity feels 
\par slighted.}{
\par 
\par 
\par }{Eternal Balance: Reveres the five elements of which nature is constructed:
\par Spirit, fire, earth, water and air.  These five elements need to exist in
\par balance in the sum of the all: the ocean balances the rock which balances
\par the volcanoes which eat air...  And through all that lives runs spirit: when
\par there is life springing from soil, from water, in the air, with the sun: all
\par is seeded with spirit.  Too much of any one element, or too little, is
\par lethal, too much water leads to drowning, too little fire leads to freezing
\par to death, too much earth and you're crushed, too little air and you
\par suffocate...  And any of those can drive spirit from your body.  Too much
\par spirit can perhaps be the most dangerous of all, making a horse too
\par lively to tame, a child too wild to raise, a man or a woman too passionate
\par to find the balance which makes life worth living among others. 
\par 
\par Druids: Two different groups are called druids.  There are the original
\par druids, who were the priests of the Eternal Balance, the original Rehan
\par religion of Lu'Tamohr, and there are the druids who pursue magic as a way of
\par balancing the world they exist within. 
\par 
\par The year - at the darkest hour the balance tips and light returns.  This
\par phase is given to Spirit, as is the phase of Preparing following immediately
\par after - the time when the earth rests and waits for an other return of}{
\par }{growth.  Early Spring belong to Fire, as does the Sowing - as heat returns,
\par the seed is spread.  Early summer belongs to Water, the early summer rain
\par nourishing the seeds in the time of Tending.  Late summer is Earth, moving
\par into the Harvest and the bounty of Earth, with fall Equinox in the middle of
\par Harvest.  The late fall, with its wild winds belong to Air, as does the time
\par of Slaughter.  The times are known by measuring the balance between night
\par and darkness.  This makes spring and fall equinoxes particularly important,
\par since these days balance in length, light and often climate and temperature.}{
\par 
\par }{ZIARETH
\par The Exiles: The belief in the necessity of elemental balance is a lot
\par older than the knowledge of the potentials.  The druidic religious practice
\par is the oldest belief in Lu'Tamohr, spoken of by the Rehan as "The Old Ways".
\par Even among those of the Rehan who have adopted the more popular Twilight way
\par of thought, with it's clearer contrasts and easier explanations, there are
\par habits which can be traced back to the five balances, or The Star.  One of
\par these is the name for mankind, the Ziareth which means Exile.  Mankind
\par is outside the balance, exiled from the harmony, while still holding the
\par essence of all the five elements.  If inscribing man into the Five-pointed
\par star, we have in the human body these elements...  All meeting at the lower
\par chest, the centre situated just above the navel: the head is Spirit, the
\par right arm Fire, the right leg Earth, the left leg Water and the left arm
\par Air.  The point where all meet is the point of balance of the ziareth, the
\par exile...  Or the human. 
\par 
\par The exile theory is supported by the fact that humans are able to act
\par "outside the pattern" and influence the balance of an area in a permanent
\par manner, as well as "within the pattern" and recreate the balance.  This
\par shows that the Ziareth is no longer bound by these rules, and forever apart.}{
\par 
\par }{The Splinter:
\par Potentials of the Elements
\par After the discovery of the potentials as sources of magic power, a group
\par within the druids have claimed that the balance of Lu'Tamohr is not
\par dependant on the natural balance, but on the balance of potentials within
\par nature.  They claim that a balanced nature is a result of balance on
\par potentials, and that potentials can be destroyed, leading to a disruption of
\par the balance which again will result in a change in nature.  To use all the
\par fire-potentials of an area will lead to a dramatic drop of temperature, and
\par thereby to a change of all life in the "emptied" area.  There is an untested
\par theory of how an area may be emptied completely of potentials, and what may
\par happen if this occurs and the area is "dead". 
\par 
\par This is an independent group, not accepted by the "Old Path" druids.  The
\par Old Path claims that magic is not necessary to the balance of Lu'Tamohr.}{
\par 
\par 
\par }{TWILIGHT 'PATH OF TWILIGHT'
\par Path of Twilight Life is a child of death, death is the result of life. 
\par In the balance between the two, harmony and wealth occurs together.  There
\par is no God, but all is divine, and is encompassed by the two - life and
\par death, worshipped through the devotion to a life in balance rather than
\par through rituals in the shrines. 
\par 
\par The Path of Twilight has two directions: The Dark Sisters are named after
\par their manner of dressing as unobtrusively as possible, and their more
\par introspective and less direct manner than their counterpart, the Golden
\par Brothers.  Sister and Brother in this context does not relate to gender as
\par much as to the roles they enact in the care of the Path. 
\par 
\par The Dark Sisters:
\par * there is no death, only rebirth
\par * there is no life, only a wait for the death
\par 
\par An enigmatic group of caretakers of the dead, responsible for returning them
\par to where they came from, to allow for birth.  They also function as
\par midwives, as death and birth are one.  Followers are frequently educated as
\par healers, scholars, }{spirit delvers}{, alchemists.  There is also a group of
\par dedicated sword-wielders, the Dark Swords, dedicating their art to swift and}{
\par }{painless deliverance. 
\par 
\par The Golden Brothers
\par * death serves growth
\par * growth is pruned and controlled by the skilled wielder of the sickle
\par 
\par A vigorous group of farmers and engineers, responsible for the construction
\par and care of the living, to return life from dead materials, and to feed and
\par shelter the living.  Followers are often farmers, engineers, craftsmen and
\par soldiers. 
\par 
\par The Sisters and Brothers are part of an eternal duality/unity, Ever apart
\par and ever together.  Without one, the other is useless, and without contrast,
\par nothing can be perceived.  Ceremonies are simple, and include both the light
\par and the dark side, and are held in shrines set up in groves.  There are no
\par temples. 
\par }{
\par }{SYMBOLS 'TWILIGHT SYMBOLS'
\par Symbols:
\par 
\par The sickle: it's used for harvest - to gather the riches that gives life,
\par and to end the growth of the fruits of the soil.  A ceramic disc, white or
\par creamy on one side, black on the other: light and darkness are two sides of
\par the same unity The moon: Waning and waxing - the symbol of death and
\par rebirth. 
\par 
\par The tides, shifting of seasons, ageing, night & day, man & woman, light &
\par darkness, cold & hot, pain & joy, laughter & tears.}{
\par 
\par }{
\par TWIN 'TWIN BUSH' 'CRANE TREE'
\par The Twin Bush
\par 
\par Growing to the size of trees if they are given space and time, the Twin Bush
\par has special meaning to the followers of the Path of Twilight.  It's a wide
\par bush with a smooth, brown stem which parts into two at each joint, creating
\par a rich, wide web of branches and twigs.  The leaves are also dual, long,
\par slender leaves, each parted in two, just holding together at the base.  This
\par creates a beak-like shape where one beak is a dark, glossy green, and the
\par other is pale, almost white.  In some parts the Twin Bush is called Crane
\par Tree, from the beak-like shape of the leaves.}{
\par 
\par }{'TWILIGHT GROVES' 'TWILIGHT SHRINES'
\par Twilight Shrines
\par Barely more than simple resting-places in their origin, the Twilight Shrines are groves of 
\par Twin Bushes planted at spots where the road forks, and with wind-chimes set up according 
\par to special patterns.  They hang between two poles, each pole carrying a ceramic disc.  Both 
\par poles are painted white on one side and black on the other, as are the discs.  They are placed 
\par so that from all angles it's possible to see both colours.  Between the poles bells or straps of 
\par metal or glass hang on strings, together with black-and-white ribbons.  For the convenience 
\par of travellers, there's often a spring close by these groves, making them sought-after, 
\par comfortable places to rest.}{
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{SATI-TAI 'A THOUSAND DEITIES'
\par A thousand deities - Sati-tai A popular folklore among the people of the
\par south-west coast, and some of the more isolated inland villages, as well as
\par some more or less nomadic plains tribes, is the Sati-Tai, "all life", also
\par popularly known as "a thousand deities".  The base of this belief is that
\par nothing is random, all things have a "soul", and all events are triggered by
\par the consciousness' contained in a huge pantheon.  A myriad of depictions of
\par the different deities fill homes, boats and barns, and flowers, paper strips
\par in all colours, ribbons, feathers and beads are used as sacrifices.}{
\par 
\par 
\par }{DEITIES PANTHEON
\par Some Deities in the pantheon of Sati-Tai
\par 
\par Vorshaz, God of Pain: From the Grey Wastes under the Mountains, where no
\par mortal dares to tread, Vorshaz walks, cloaked in ashes, pallid grey skin and
\par features twisted by endless agonies as he delivers pain to the deserving and
\par undeserving alike in equal measure. 
\par 
\par Sacrro, the God/dess of sleep: An androgynous personality which is
\par patient when s/he offers favours, but fickle at offering, teasing, but with
\par a generous embrace. 
\par 
\par Allion, the god of release of tension: Intangible, and a little shy, a
\par god whose voice is soft and cannot be heard, unless you listen very closely.
\par To see or to hear him, you need to take your time and be open and welcoming
\par 
\par Treiss, Goddess of bread mould: Patient, slow and ruthless goddess of
\par vengeance. 
\par 
\par Miera, goddess of well-developed wine, younger sister of Treiss: A
\par strict, reclusive woman who has to be treated with care and rituals of
\par cleanliness.  When she has been entreated with the right approach, she will}{
\par }{
\par reward hers with joyful euphoria and a sweet embrace of forgetfulness.  When
\par angry she is wicked and vengeful. 
\par 
\par Kako, god of beer yeast: Older brother of Treiss and Miera, quick to
\par act, reckless and quickly making mischief if not appeased through
\par cleanliness.  He enjoys rowdiness, good humour and song. 
\par 
\par Szaba, god of odd alcoholic bases: The youngest brother of the family
\par caring for moulds and yeasts - careless, sloppy and mischievous, gleefully
\par offering quick pleasures and demanding a nasty price. 
\par 
\par Rikasta, goddess of cool breezes: A fertility goddess for men, said to
\par favour those who walk along the beach at night with their chosen one - but
\par rather unpredictable. 
\par 
\par Sirmon, god of good chimneys: Entreated by masons and bakers, a reliable,
\par benevolent spirit all masons try to appease. 
\par 
\par Farke, god of sunlight: merciless and cruel demonic shape, often
\par depicted with wings and a flaming crest.}{
\par 
\par }{Snaff, Goddess of the undertow: Spirit of merciless, implacable death,
\par greedy, possessive and caring about very little but her own hunger. 
\par 
\par Seelima, Goddess of fresh milk: A cool shape, not particularly kind to
\par children, and quite impatient with sloppy housekeepers.  She gets easily
\par annoyed, and then she turns sour.}{
\par 
\par }}