{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 
\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title The night sky}{\author robertho}{\operator robertho}{\creatim\yr2000\mo5\dy17\hr13\min40}{\revtim\yr2000\mo5\dy17\hr14\min19}{\version2}{\edmins32}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1199}{\nofchars6838}
{\*\company Genasys Systems}{\nofcharsws8397}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale84\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid {\cf8 
My comments are attached like this to Tims ideas. I decided to go with comments rather then a new doc, as most of Tims ideas sound cOoL!
\par }\pard \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright 
\par The night sky
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 =============
\par 
\par The moon and the moods of the land are linked. A green moon bespeaks fertility,
\par red violence. Look to the moon and nature will not catch you unawares.
\par However the moon is not such a simple being, to be read as a book... like
\par all intelligent beings it has much more complex moods. Often red and green
\par appear together, apparently conflicting colours blended with tranquil blues
\par and yellows.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Well, although I am a reluctant supporter of coloured moons this is a cool explanation / idea for the role of such colour.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par The Fire Drakes - A group of orange stars seen in the southern night sky between
\par the months of Heat Uprising and Coruscating Shadows. Legend has it that they
\par are driven away by the winter months, during which time they hibernate in
\par caverns near the centre of the world, not bothering to take their nightly flight.
\par The cluster's formation changes slightly as they move, and between nights... in
\par an untraceable dance. This can be perceived only by the most dedicated observers.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 Sounds cOoL.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par 
\par Jewel
\par Light
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid The brightest star in the night sky and believed by some to be the origin of all life on Lu\rquote T
amohr. Whilst most find the idea of life originating from a star a little far fetched, the Jewel of Light star is well known, perhaps because it is the brightest.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par Sailor's Beacon - A bright star seen the year round which always traces a direct
\par line precisely NNW from its zenith. At nightfall, it marks roughly South... but
\par this is dependant on the season.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid cOoL.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Spark Shower - Usually about a month after the commet Fudamim is seen, a patch of
\par the night sky is filled with thousands of tiny lights. These are the souls of the
\par righteous, celebrating the just judgment passed by Fudamim. These lights glitter
\par in mostly white and blue, though there are traces of many other colours.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Hmm, I am not sure I like the idea of this \ldblquote Fudamim\rdblquote . The religions on Lu\rquote Tam
ohr do not support immortal deities, except the thousand deity religion. Comets are surely an Island wide / Island watched event, so I do not believe people would commonly believe this comment to be a judgement of one of the thousand deities, as the follo
wing for this religion is quite small. I have no problem with the followers of the thousand deities beleiving it signifies Fudamims judgement etc of course. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par Glittering Eyes - A pair of bright white stars that provide quite a large portion
\par of the night's illumination. Mothers oft say no nocturnal evil shall come to their
\par child, whilst the night is clear enough for the Glittering Eyes to watch over.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid cOoL
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par Cat's tail - A curving line of dull stars which sweep low along the southern sky.
\par These stars are seen only in the winter months.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 cOoL
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par Rozamelle Fires - A very loose cluster of predominantly dark red stars that tend
\par to flicker inconsistently. They are seen the year round.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 cOoL
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par Fiory's Stair - A zigzag of bright white stars ending in an intricate pattern of
\par orange stars. Folklore speaks of a dragon that built a magical bridge to the other
\par side of the sky, The Fire Dragon. From its celestial roost it watches the night
\par for unwary travellers. These stars are seen all months except winter.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid This is a very cool description, the problem I see with it is this: If the star cluster is commonly known as Fiory\rquote 
s Stair, this would imply that the common man knows the name of the fire dragon Fiory. I could only see this being the case if a) Fiory is a common word for 
fire or something similar, and Fiory (the imm) was named for it, b) a lot more detail is known about dragons then I thought we wished to reveal. I\rquote 
m not sure how old Fiory is, but to have a star named after her in folklore would imply she is either a very old dragon, or has been seen / heard by makers of folklore in recent times. 
\par 
\par Having dragon-type superstitions in folklore I think is cool, but I think they should be general, rather than specific. Perhaps Fire Dragons stair is a better name? Or perhaps we wish to describe more detail here. Maybe Fiory 
infiltrated the highest circles of religion / folklore and told them what the legend of this st
ar formation is. Or maybe another dragon did for another reason, perhaps trying to get Fiory in trouble with the other dragons by having it seem as though her cover was blown to the mortals. A few possibilities here {\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL
 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par Candle's Home
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid This star signifies the big wax-maker shop in the sky. Apparently their bargains are to die for!
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par The stars are the souls of heros, who have died a glorious
\par death in battle and now float over long forgotten battlefields.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 Sounds cool, perhaps one of the religions could adopt this view Fiory?
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par The stars are balls of crystal, flung so high into the sky that they can never fall.
\par In a time before rememberance, giant creatures, what we might think of as gods threw
\par them there, huge gems taken from deeper than any Malandrin miner can delve.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Nice again, perhaps once again one of the religions could adopt this.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Judgement's Passing - year that the commet Fudamim is seen
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid See above comments about Fudamim et al
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Clear Sight
\par True North Line
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 cOoL
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par Pastilas' Tutor - a non descript star that Pastilas (or was his name Pastalis?)
\par studied.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid I believe pastilas was 
at the coming, leaving 200 or so years for him to become cool enough to have a constellation named after him. Whilst he is no doubt one of the famous identities of the islands past in terms
 of magic having a star named after him would have to imply that either a) folklore / descriptions of stars is a VERY recent thing, not something of legend that goes back to ancient rehan days or b) the whole island viewed him as a pretty important figure
head. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Whilst he is to be an important character, I do not believe any of our npc storyline chars of the past have done enough to have stars named after them IF folklore on stars is an old thing. Maybe the 
stars only appeared in the sky after the coming, this would justify it better, but it would mean that the religions would not have a view on stars (except maybe the elemental branched religion which sprang up recently). 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par The Blight of Dram Koritz - ledgend has it that before the infamous rise of
\par Dram Koritz, this "star" did not exist. It is, quite inexpicably, blacker than
\par the rest of the night sky, and is only noticable when the rest of the sky is
\par clear and illuminated. It is only observed in the deep winter months, and then
\par only by those who know to look for it. It is said to be a portent of evil.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 I like the idea of a blight }{\fs24\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}{\fs24\lang1024 
 But, once again Dram Koritz was at the coming, and thus not a legendary figurehead per se. See comments on Pastilas\rquote  Tutor above.}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par Verdina's Foresight - Folklore tells that Verdina Greenwarden cultivated a
\par relationship with this star, and was able to glean glimpses of what lay
\par over the horizon of time from it. No one ever witnessed any such communicae,
\par but rumours bound of bright flashes springing from the Nethran Swamps to
\par the open sky.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Same thing.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Elsor's Way
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Same thing \endash  Elsor was one of the founding Ylanthlin.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Jonaseph's Promise - True believers look to this star to remind them of
\par the purity of their mentor.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Same thing.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Tuureth's Guide
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Same thing \endash  Tuureth was a founding Ylanthlin too.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par The stars are pieces of the sun that get left behind as it travels the day sky.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 cOoL
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par The stars are the lights from the houses of the Sky Dwellers. Just as we live
\par on the ground, so there are those who live on the far side of the sky. For them,
\par the stars are infact our lights.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Should it be \ldblquote For them, our Island is in fact their light?\rdblquote . Seems a little jumbled or maybe im reading it wrong. Otherwise, cOoL!
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Iolear, the sea mage
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 \cgrid Iolear \endash  another npc of importance from the past. Not as important as some though.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par Diamonds of the Seductress - For those who live on the central plains, this bright
\par string of white stars oft looks to be skirting the tips of the Malandrin Range.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 cOoL
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 
\par Ghoul's Grin - A rough semi-circle of green, blue and yellow stars.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat1 {\fs24 How about the Raug\rquote s Grin? Or one of the other fantastical made up Lu\rquote Tamohr creatures. Ghouls don\rquote t really have a place I don\rquote t think. Take your pick from Minaka, Tikolo
, Ptarin, Cha-Serin and Raug.
\par }}